*javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder* *W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder* 

public final class W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder_Description|
|javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder_Fields|
|javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder_Constructors|
|javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder_Constructors*
|javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder()|Creates a new W3CEndpo

*javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder_Methods*
|javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder.address(String)|Sets the
|javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder.attribute(QName,String)|
|javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder.build()|Builds a W3CEndp
|javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder.element(Element)|Adds an
|javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder.endpointName(QName)|Sets
|javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder.interfaceName(QName)|Set
|javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder.metadata(Element)|Adds t
|javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder.referenceParameter(Element)|
|javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder.serviceName(QName)|Sets 
|javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder.wsdlDocumentLocation(String)|

*javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder_Description*

This class is used to build W3CEndpointReference instances. The intended use of 
this clsss is for an application component, for example a factory component, to 
create an W3CEndpointReference for a web service endpoint published by the same 
Java EE application. It can also be used to create W3CEndpointReferences for an 
Java SE based endpoint by providing the address property. 

When creating a W3CEndpointReference for an endpoint that is not published by 
the same Java EE application, the address property MUST be specified. 

When creating a W3CEndpointReference for an endpoint published by the same Java 
EE application, the address property MAY be null but then the serviceName and 
endpointName MUST specify an endpoint published by the same Java EE 
application. 

When the wsdlDocumentLocation is specified it MUST refer to a valid WSDL 
document and the serviceName and endpointName (if specified) MUST match a 
service and port in the WSDL document. 



*javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder()*

public W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder()

Creates a new W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder instance. 


*javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder.address(String)*

public |javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder| address(java.lang.String address)

Sets the address to the W3CEndpointReference instance's wsa:Address. 

The address MUST be set to a non-null value when building a 
W3CEndpointReference for a web service endpoint that is not published by the 
same Java EE application or when running on Java SE. 


    address - The address of the endpoint to be targeted by the returned 
       W3CEndpointReference. 

    Returns: A W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder instance with the address set to the wsa:Address. 

*javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder.attribute(QName,String)*

public |javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder| attribute(
  javax.xml.namespace.QName name,
  java.lang.String value)

Adds an extension attribute to the W3CEndpointReference instance's 
wsa:EndpointReference element. 


    name - The name of the extension attribute to be added to the W3CEndpointReference 
    value - extension attribute value 

    Returns: A W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder instance with the extension attribute added to 
             the W3CEndpointReference instance. 

*javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder.build()*

public |javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReference| build()

Builds a W3CEndpointReference from the accumulated properties set on this 
W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder instance. 

This method can be used to create a W3CEndpointReference for any endpoint by 
specifying the address property along with any other desired properties. This 
method can also be used to create a W3CEndpointReference for an endpoint that 
is published by the same Java EE application. This method can automatically 
determine the address of an endpoint published by the same Java EE application 
that is identified by the serviceName and endpointName properties. If the 
address is null and the serviceName and endpointName do not identify an 
endpoint published by the same Java EE application, a 
java.lang.IllegalStateException MUST be thrown. 



    Returns: W3CEndpointReference from the accumulated properties set on this 
             W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder instance. This method never returns 
             null. 

*javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder.element(Element)*

public |javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder| element(org.w3c.dom.Element element)

Adds an extension element to the W3CEndpointReference instance's 
wsa:EndpointReference element. 


    element - The extension element to be added to the W3CEndpointReference 

    Returns: A W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder instance with the extension element added to the 
             W3CEndpointReference instance. 

*javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder.endpointName(QName)*

public |javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder| endpointName(javax.xml.namespace.QName endpointName)

Sets the endpointName as wsam:ServiceName/@EndpointName in the wsa:Metadata 
element. This method can only be called after the 
(|javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder|) method has been 
called. 

See 2.1 Referencing WSDL Metadata from an EPR for more details. 


    endpointName - The name of the endpoint to be targeted by the returned W3CEndpointReference. 
       The endpointName (portName) property may also be used with the 
       serviceName property to lookup the address of a web service endpoint 
       published by the same Java EE application. 

    Returns: A W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder instance with the endpointName as 
             wsam:ServiceName/@EndpointName in the wsa:Metadata element. 

*javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder.interfaceName(QName)*

public |javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder| interfaceName(javax.xml.namespace.QName interfaceName)

Sets the interfaceName as the wsam:InterfaceName element in the wsa:Metadata 
element. 

See 2.1 Referencing WSDL Metadata from an EPR for more details. 


    interfaceName - The port type name of the endpoint to be targeted by the returned 
       W3CEndpointReference. 

    Returns: A W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder instance with the interfaceName as 
             wsam:InterfaceName element added to the wsa:Metadata element 

*javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder.metadata(Element)*

public |javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder| metadata(org.w3c.dom.Element metadataElement)

Adds the metadataElement to the W3CEndpointReference instance's wsa:Metadata 
element. 


    metadataElement - The element to be added to the wsa:Metadata element. 

    Returns: A W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder instance with the metadataElement added to the 
             wsa:Metadata element. 

*javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder.referenceParameter(Element)*

public |javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder| referenceParameter(org.w3c.dom.Element referenceParameter)

Adds the referenceParameter to the W3CEndpointReference instance 
wsa:ReferenceParameters element. 


    referenceParameter - The element to be added to the wsa:ReferenceParameters element. 

    Returns: A W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder instance with the referenceParameter added to the 
             wsa:ReferenceParameters element. 

*javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder.serviceName(QName)*

public |javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder| serviceName(javax.xml.namespace.QName serviceName)

Sets the serviceName as the wsam:ServiceName element in the wsa:Metadata 
element. 

See 2.1 Referencing WSDL Metadata from an EPR for more details. 


    serviceName - The service name of the endpoint to be targeted by the returned 
       W3CEndpointReference. This property may also be used with the 
       endpointName (portName) property to lookup the address of a web service 
       endpoint that is published by the same Java EE application. 

    Returns: A W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder instance with the serviceName as wsam:ServiceName 
             element added to the wsa:Metadata element 

*javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder.wsdlDocumentLocation(String)*

public |javax.xml.ws.wsaddressing.W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder| wsdlDocumentLocation(java.lang.String wsdlDocumentLocation)

Sets the wsdlDocumentLocation that will be referenced as 
wsa:Metadata/@wsdli:wsdlLocation. The namespace name for the 
wsdli:wsdlLocation's value can be taken from the WSDL itself. 

See 2.1 Referencing WSDL Metadata from an EPR for more details. 


    wsdlDocumentLocation - The location of the WSDL document to be referenced in the wsa:Metadata of the 
       W3CEndpointReference. 

    Returns: A W3CEndpointReferenceBuilder instance with the wsdlDocumentLocation that is to 
             be referenced. 


