*java.util.spi.CalendarNameProvider* *CalendarNameProvider* An abstract class fo

public abstract class CalendarNameProvider
  extends    |java.util.spi.LocaleServiceProvider|

|java.util.spi.CalendarNameProvider_Description|
|java.util.spi.CalendarNameProvider_Fields|
|java.util.spi.CalendarNameProvider_Constructors|
|java.util.spi.CalendarNameProvider_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.util.spi.CalendarNameProvider_Constructors*
|java.util.spi.CalendarNameProvider()|Sole constructor.

*java.util.spi.CalendarNameProvider_Methods*
|java.util.spi.CalendarNameProvider.getDisplayName(String,int,int,int,Locale)|R
|java.util.spi.CalendarNameProvider.getDisplayNames(String,int,int,Locale)|Retu

*java.util.spi.CalendarNameProvider_Description*

An abstract class for service providers that provide localized string 
representations (display names) ofCalendarfield values. 

Calendar Types 

Calendar types are used to specify calendar systems for which the 
getDisplayName(|java.util.spi.CalendarNameProvider|) and 
getDisplayNames(|java.util.spi.CalendarNameProvider|) methods provide calendar 
field value names. See (|java.util.Calendar|) for details. 

Calendar Fields 

Calendar fields are specified with the constants defined in 
(|java.util.Calendar|) . The following are calendar-common fields and their 
values to be supported for each calendar system. 



Field Value Description 

(|java.util.Calendar|) (|java.util.Calendar|) to (|java.util.Calendar|) Month 
numbering is 0-based (e.g., 0 - January, ..., 11 - December). Some calendar 
systems have 13 months. Month names need to be supported in both the formatting 
and stand-alone forms if required by the supported locales. If there's no 
distinction in the two forms, the same names should be returned in both of the 
forms. 

(|java.util.Calendar|) (|java.util.Calendar|) to (|java.util.Calendar|) 
Day-of-week numbering is 1-based starting from Sunday (i.e., 1 - Sunday, ..., 7 
- Saturday). 

(|java.util.Calendar|) (|java.util.Calendar|) to (|java.util.Calendar|) 0 - AM, 
1 - PM 



The following are calendar-specific fields and their values to be supported. 



Calendar Type Field Value Description 

"gregory" (|java.util.Calendar|) 0 (|java.util.GregorianCalendar|) (BCE) 

1 (|java.util.GregorianCalendar|) (CE) 

"buddhist" (|java.util.Calendar|) 0 BC (BCE) 

1 B.E. (Buddhist Era) 

"japanese" (|java.util.Calendar|) 0 Seireki (Before Meiji) 

1 Meiji 

2 Taisho 

3 Showa 

4 Heisei 

(|java.util.Calendar|) 1 the first year in each era. It should be returned when 
a long style ( (|java.util.Calendar|) or (|java.util.Calendar|) ) is specified. 
See also the Year representation inSimpleDateFormat. 

"roc" (|java.util.Calendar|) 0 Before R.O.C. 

1 R.O.C. 

"islamic" (|java.util.Calendar|) 0 Before AH 

1 Anno Hijrah (AH) 



Calendar field value names for"gregory"must be consistent with the date-time 
symbols provided by (|java.text.spi.DateFormatSymbolsProvider|) . 

Time zone names are supported by (|java.util.spi.TimeZoneNameProvider|) . 



*java.util.spi.CalendarNameProvider()*

protected CalendarNameProvider()

Sole constructor. (For invocation by subclass constructors, typically 
implicit.) 


*java.util.spi.CalendarNameProvider.getDisplayName(String,int,int,int,Locale)*

public abstract |java.lang.String| getDisplayName(
  java.lang.String calendarType,
  int field,
  int value,
  int style,
  java.util.Locale locale)

Returns the string representation (display name) of the calendar field value in 
the given style and locale. If no string representation is applicable, null is 
returned. 

fieldis aCalendarfield index, such as (|java.util.Calendar|) . The time zone 
fields, (|java.util.Calendar|) and (|java.util.Calendar|) , are not supported 
by this method.nullmust be returned if any time zone fields are specified. 

valueis the numeric representation of thefieldvalue. For example, iffieldis 
(|java.util.Calendar|) , the valid values are (|java.util.Calendar|) to 
(|java.util.Calendar|) (inclusive). 

stylegives the style of the string representation. It is one of 
(|java.util.Calendar|) ( SHORT(|java.util.Calendar|) ), (|java.util.Calendar|) 
, (|java.util.Calendar|) ( LONG(|java.util.Calendar|) ), (|java.util.Calendar|) 
, (|java.util.Calendar|) , or (|java.util.Calendar|) . 

For example, the following call will return"Sunday". 

getDisplayName("gregory", Calendar.DAY_OF_WEEK, Calendar.SUNDAY, 
Calendar.LONG_STANDALONE, Locale.ENGLISH); 


    calendarType - the calendar type. (Any calendar type given by {@code locale} is ignored.) 
    field - the {@code Calendar} field index, such as {@link Calendar#DAY_OF_WEEK} 
    value - the value of the {@code Calendar field}, such as {@link Calendar#MONDAY} 
    style - the string representation style: one of {@link Calendar#SHORT_FORMAT} ({@link 
       Calendar#SHORT SHORT}), {@link Calendar#SHORT_STANDALONE}, {@link 
       Calendar#LONG_FORMAT} ({@link Calendar#LONG LONG}), {@link 
       Calendar#LONG_STANDALONE}, {@link Calendar#NARROW_FORMAT}, or {@link 
       Calendar#NARROW_STANDALONE} 
    locale - the desired locale 

    Returns: the string representation of the {@code field value}, or {@code null} if the 
             string representation is not applicable or the given calendar type 
             is unknown 

*java.util.spi.CalendarNameProvider.getDisplayNames(String,int,int,Locale)*

public abstract |java.util.Map|<String,Integer> getDisplayNames(
  java.lang.String calendarType,
  int field,
  int style,
  java.util.Locale locale)

Returns aMapcontaining all string representations (display names) of 
theCalendarfieldin the givenstyleandlocaleand their corresponding field values. 

fieldis aCalendarfield index, such as (|java.util.Calendar|) . The time zone 
fields, (|java.util.Calendar|) and (|java.util.Calendar|) , are not supported 
by this method.nullmust be returned if any time zone fields are specified. 

stylegives the style of the string representation. It must be one of 
(|java.util.Calendar|) , (|java.util.Calendar|) ( SHORT(|java.util.Calendar|) 
), (|java.util.Calendar|) , (|java.util.Calendar|) ( LONG(|java.util.Calendar|) 
), (|java.util.Calendar|) , (|java.util.Calendar|) , or (|java.util.Calendar|) 
. Note that narrow names may not be unique due to use of single characters, 
such as "S" for Sunday and Saturday, and that no narrow names are included in 
that case. 

For example, the following call will return aMapcontaining"January"to 
(|java.util.Calendar|) ,"Jan"to (|java.util.Calendar|) ,"February"to 
(|java.util.Calendar|) ,"Feb"to (|java.util.Calendar|) , and so on. 

getDisplayNames("gregory", Calendar.MONTH, Calendar.ALL_STYLES, 
Locale.ENGLISH); 


    calendarType - the calendar type. (Any calendar type given by {@code locale} is ignored.) 
    field - the calendar field for which the display names are returned 
    style - the style applied to the display names; one of {@link Calendar#ALL_STYLES}, 
       {@link Calendar#SHORT_FORMAT} ({@link Calendar#SHORT SHORT}), {@link 
       Calendar#SHORT_STANDALONE}, {@link Calendar#LONG_FORMAT} ({@link 
       Calendar#LONG LONG}), {@link Calendar#LONG_STANDALONE}, {@link 
       Calendar#NARROW_FORMAT}, or {@link Calendar#NARROW_STANDALONE} 
    locale - the desired locale 

    Returns: a {@code Map} containing all display names of {@code field} in {@code style} 
             and {@code locale} and their {@code field} values, or {@code null} 
             if no display names are defined for {@code field} 


