*java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList* *List.AccessibleAWTList* This class implements

protected class List.AccessibleAWTList
  extends    |java.awt.Component.AccessibleAWTComponent|
  implements |javax.accessibility.AccessibleSelection|
             |java.awt.event.ItemListener|
             |java.awt.event.ActionListener|

|java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList_Description|
|java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList_Fields|
|java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList_Constructors|
|java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList_Constructors*
|java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList()|

*java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList_Methods*
|java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.actionPerformed(ActionEvent)|
|java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.addAccessibleSelection(int)|Adds the specified
|java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.clearAccessibleSelection()|Clears the selectio
|java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.getAccessibleAt(Point)|Returns the Accessible 
|java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.getAccessibleChild(int)|Return the nth Accessi
|java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.getAccessibleChildrenCount()|Returns the numbe
|java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.getAccessibleRole()|Get the role of this objec
|java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.getAccessibleSelection()|Get the AccessibleSel
|java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.getAccessibleSelection(int)|Returns an Accessi
|java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.getAccessibleSelectionCount()|Returns the numb
|java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.getAccessibleStateSet()|Get the state set of t
|java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.isAccessibleChildSelected(int)|Returns true if
|java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.itemStateChanged(ItemEvent)|
|java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.removeAccessibleSelection(int)|Removes the spe
|java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.selectAllAccessibleSelection()|Causes every se

*java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList_Description*

This class implements accessibility support for the List class. It provides an 
implementation of the Java Accessibility API appropriate to list user-interface 
elements. 



*java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList()*

public AccessibleAWTList()




*java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.actionPerformed(ActionEvent)*

public void actionPerformed(java.awt.event.ActionEvent event)





*java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.addAccessibleSelection(int)*

public void addAccessibleSelection(int i)

Adds the specified selected item in the object to the object's selection. If 
the object supports multiple selections, the specified item is added to any 
existing selection, otherwise it replaces any existing selection in the object. 
If the specified item is already selected, this method has no effect. 


    i - the zero-based index of selectable items 

*java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.clearAccessibleSelection()*

public void clearAccessibleSelection()

Clears the selection in the object, so that nothing in the object is selected. 



*java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.getAccessibleAt(Point)*

public |javax.accessibility.Accessible| getAccessibleAt(java.awt.Point p)

Returns the Accessible child contained at the local coordinate Point, if one 
exists. 



    Returns: the Accessible at the specified location, if it exists 

*java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.getAccessibleChild(int)*

public |javax.accessibility.Accessible| getAccessibleChild(int i)

Return the nth Accessible child of the object. 


    i - zero-based index of child 

    Returns: the nth Accessible child of the object 

*java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.getAccessibleChildrenCount()*

public int getAccessibleChildrenCount()

Returns the number of accessible children in the object. If all of the children 
of this object implement Accessible, than this method should return the number 
of children of this object. 



    Returns: the number of accessible children in the object. 

*java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.getAccessibleRole()*

public |javax.accessibility.AccessibleRole| getAccessibleRole()

Get the role of this object. 



    Returns: an instance of AccessibleRole describing the role of the object 

*java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.getAccessibleSelection()*

public |javax.accessibility.AccessibleSelection| getAccessibleSelection()

Get the AccessibleSelection associated with this object. In the implementation 
of the Java Accessibility API for this class, return this object, which is 
responsible for implementing the AccessibleSelection interface on behalf of 
itself. 



    Returns: 

*java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.getAccessibleSelection(int)*

public |javax.accessibility.Accessible| getAccessibleSelection(int i)

Returns an Accessible representing the specified selected item in the object. 
If there isn't a selection, or there are fewer items selected than the integer 
passed in, the return value will be null. 


    i - the zero-based index of selected items 

    Returns: an Accessible containing the selected item 

*java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.getAccessibleSelectionCount()*

public int getAccessibleSelectionCount()

Returns the number of items currently selected. If no items are selected, the 
return value will be 0. 



    Returns: the number of items currently selected. 

*java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.getAccessibleStateSet()*

public |javax.accessibility.AccessibleStateSet| getAccessibleStateSet()

Get the state set of this object. 



    Returns: an instance of AccessibleState containing the current state of the object 

*java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.isAccessibleChildSelected(int)*

public boolean isAccessibleChildSelected(int i)

Returns true if the current child of this object is selected. 


    i - the zero-based index of the child in this Accessible object. 

*java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.itemStateChanged(ItemEvent)*

public void itemStateChanged(java.awt.event.ItemEvent event)





*java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.removeAccessibleSelection(int)*

public void removeAccessibleSelection(int i)

Removes the specified selected item in the object from the object's selection. 
If the specified item isn't currently selected, this method has no effect. 


    i - the zero-based index of selectable items 

*java.awt.List.AccessibleAWTList.selectAllAccessibleSelection()*

public void selectAllAccessibleSelection()

Causes every selected item in the object to be selected if the object supports 
multiple selections. 




