*java.util.Base64.Encoder* *Base64.Encoder* This class implements an encoder for

public static class Base64.Encoder
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|java.util.Base64.Encoder_Description|
|java.util.Base64.Encoder_Fields|
|java.util.Base64.Encoder_Constructors|
|java.util.Base64.Encoder_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.util.Base64.Encoder_Methods*
|java.util.Base64.Encoder.encode(byte[])|Encodes all bytes from the specified b
|java.util.Base64.Encoder.encode(byte[],byte[])|Encodes all bytes from the spec
|java.util.Base64.Encoder.encode(ByteBuffer)|Encodes all remaining bytes from t
|java.util.Base64.Encoder.encodeToString(byte[])|Encodes the specified byte arr
|java.util.Base64.Encoder.withoutPadding()|Returns an encoder instance that enc
|java.util.Base64.Encoder.wrap(OutputStream)|Wraps an output stream for encodin

*java.util.Base64.Encoder_Description*

This class implements an encoder for encoding byte data using the Base64 
encoding scheme as specified in RFC 4648 and RFC 2045. 

Instances of (|java.util.Base64.Encoder|) class are safe for use by multiple 
concurrent threads. 

Unless otherwise noted, passing anullargument to a method of this class will 
cause a NullPointerException(|java.lang.NullPointerException|) to be thrown. 



*java.util.Base64.Encoder.encode(byte[])*

public byte[] encode(byte[] src)

Encodes all bytes from the specified byte array into a newly-allocated byte 
array using the (|java.util.Base64|) encoding scheme. The returned byte array 
is of the length of the resulting bytes. 


    src - the byte array to encode 

    Returns: A newly-allocated byte array containing the resulting encoded bytes. 

*java.util.Base64.Encoder.encode(byte[],byte[])*

public int encode(
  byte[] src,
  byte[] dst)

Encodes all bytes from the specified byte array using the (|java.util.Base64|) 
encoding scheme, writing the resulting bytes to the given output byte array, 
starting at offset 0. 

It is the responsibility of the invoker of this method to make sure the output 
byte arraydsthas enough space for encoding all bytes from the input byte array. 
No bytes will be written to the output byte array if the output byte array is 
not big enough. 


    src - the byte array to encode 
    dst - the output byte array 

    Returns: The number of bytes written to the output byte array 

*java.util.Base64.Encoder.encode(ByteBuffer)*

public |java.nio.ByteBuffer| encode(java.nio.ByteBuffer buffer)

Encodes all remaining bytes from the specified byte buffer into a 
newly-allocated ByteBuffer using the (|java.util.Base64|) encoding scheme. 

Upon return, the source buffer's position will be updated to its limit; its 
limit will not have been changed. The returned output buffer's position will be 
zero and its limit will be the number of resulting encoded bytes. 


    buffer - the source ByteBuffer to encode 

    Returns: A newly-allocated byte buffer containing the encoded bytes. 

*java.util.Base64.Encoder.encodeToString(byte[])*

public |java.lang.String| encodeToString(byte[] src)

Encodes the specified byte array into a String using the (|java.util.Base64|) 
encoding scheme. 

This method first encodes all input bytes into a base64 encoded byte array and 
then constructs a new String by using the encoded byte array and the 
ISO-8859-1(|java.nio.charset.StandardCharsets|) charset. 

In other words, an invocation of this method has exactly the same effect as 
invokingnew String(encode(src), StandardCharsets.ISO_8859_1). 


    src - the byte array to encode 

    Returns: A String containing the resulting Base64 encoded characters 

*java.util.Base64.Encoder.withoutPadding()*

public |java.util.Base64.Encoder| withoutPadding()

Returns an encoder instance that encodes equivalently to this one, but without 
adding any padding character at the end of the encoded byte data. 

The encoding scheme of this encoder instance is unaffected by this invocation. 
The returned encoder instance should be used for non-padding encoding 
operation. 



    Returns: an equivalent encoder that encodes without adding any padding character at the 
             end 

*java.util.Base64.Encoder.wrap(OutputStream)*

public |java.io.OutputStream| wrap(java.io.OutputStream os)

Wraps an output stream for encoding byte data using the (|java.util.Base64|) 
encoding scheme. 

It is recommended to promptly close the returned output stream after use, 
during which it will flush all possible leftover bytes to the underlying output 
stream. Closing the returned output stream will close the underlying output 
stream. 


    os - the output stream. 

    Returns: the output stream for encoding the byte data into the specified Base64 encoded 
             format 


