*java.time.format.DecimalStyle* *DecimalStyle* Localized decimal style used in d

public final class DecimalStyle
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|java.time.format.DecimalStyle_Description|
|java.time.format.DecimalStyle_Fields|
|java.time.format.DecimalStyle_Constructors|
|java.time.format.DecimalStyle_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.time.format.DecimalStyle_Fields*
|java.time.format.DecimalStyle_java.time.format.DecimalStyle.STANDARD|

*java.time.format.DecimalStyle_Methods*
|java.time.format.DecimalStyle.equals(Object)|Checks if this DecimalStyle is eq
|java.time.format.DecimalStyle.getAvailableLocales()|Lists all the locales that
|java.time.format.DecimalStyle.getDecimalSeparator()|Gets the character that re
|java.time.format.DecimalStyle.getNegativeSign()|Gets the character that repres
|java.time.format.DecimalStyle.getPositiveSign()|Gets the character that repres
|java.time.format.DecimalStyle.getZeroDigit()|Gets the character that represent
|java.time.format.DecimalStyle.hashCode()|A hash code for this DecimalStyle.
|java.time.format.DecimalStyle.of(Locale)|Obtains the DecimalStyle for the spec
|java.time.format.DecimalStyle.ofDefaultLocale()|Obtains the DecimalStyle for t
|java.time.format.DecimalStyle.toString()|Returns a string describing this Deci
|java.time.format.DecimalStyle.withDecimalSeparator(char)|Returns a copy of the
|java.time.format.DecimalStyle.withNegativeSign(char)|Returns a copy of the inf
|java.time.format.DecimalStyle.withPositiveSign(char)|Returns a copy of the inf
|java.time.format.DecimalStyle.withZeroDigit(char)|Returns a copy of the info w

*java.time.format.DecimalStyle_Description*

Localized decimal style used in date and time formatting. 

A significant part of dealing with dates and times is the localization. This 
class acts as a central point for accessing the information. 



*java.time.format.DecimalStyle_java.time.format.DecimalStyle.STANDARD*

The standard set of non-localized decimal style symbols. 

This uses standard ASCII characters for zero, positive, negative and a dot for 
the decimal point. 



*java.time.format.DecimalStyle.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Checks if this DecimalStyle is equal another DecimalStyle. 


    obj - the object to check, null returns false 

    Returns: true if this is equal to the other date 

*java.time.format.DecimalStyle.getAvailableLocales()*

public static |java.util.Set|<Locale> getAvailableLocales()

Lists all the locales that are supported. 

The locale 'en_US' will always be present. 



    Returns: a Set of Locales for which localization is supported 

*java.time.format.DecimalStyle.getDecimalSeparator()*

public char getDecimalSeparator()

Gets the character that represents the decimal point. 

The character used to represent a decimal point may vary by culture. This 
method specifies the character to use. 



    Returns: the character for the decimal point 

*java.time.format.DecimalStyle.getNegativeSign()*

public char getNegativeSign()

Gets the character that represents the negative sign. 

The character used to represent a negative number may vary by culture. This 
method specifies the character to use. 



    Returns: the character for the negative sign 

*java.time.format.DecimalStyle.getPositiveSign()*

public char getPositiveSign()

Gets the character that represents the positive sign. 

The character used to represent a positive number may vary by culture. This 
method specifies the character to use. 



    Returns: the character for the positive sign 

*java.time.format.DecimalStyle.getZeroDigit()*

public char getZeroDigit()

Gets the character that represents zero. 

The character used to represent digits may vary by culture. This method 
specifies the zero character to use, which implies the characters for one to 
nine. 



    Returns: the character for zero 

*java.time.format.DecimalStyle.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

A hash code for this DecimalStyle. 



    Returns: a suitable hash code 

*java.time.format.DecimalStyle.of(Locale)*

public static |java.time.format.DecimalStyle| of(java.util.Locale locale)

Obtains the DecimalStyle for the specified locale. 

This method provides access to locale sensitive decimal style symbols. 


    locale - the locale, not null 

    Returns: the info, not null 

*java.time.format.DecimalStyle.ofDefaultLocale()*

public static |java.time.format.DecimalStyle| ofDefaultLocale()

Obtains the DecimalStyle for the default FORMAT(|java.util.Locale.Category|) 
locale. 

This method provides access to locale sensitive decimal style symbols. 

This is equivalent to calling 
of(Locale.getDefault(Locale.Category.FORMAT))(|java.time.format.DecimalStyle|) 
. 



    Returns: the info, not null 

*java.time.format.DecimalStyle.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string describing this DecimalStyle. 



    Returns: a string description, not null 

*java.time.format.DecimalStyle.withDecimalSeparator(char)*

public |java.time.format.DecimalStyle| withDecimalSeparator(char decimalSeparator)

Returns a copy of the info with a new character that represents the decimal 
point. 

The character used to represent a decimal point may vary by culture. This 
method specifies the character to use. 


    decimalSeparator - the character for the decimal point 

    Returns: a copy with a new character that represents the decimal point, not null 

*java.time.format.DecimalStyle.withNegativeSign(char)*

public |java.time.format.DecimalStyle| withNegativeSign(char negativeSign)

Returns a copy of the info with a new character that represents the negative 
sign. 

The character used to represent a negative number may vary by culture. This 
method specifies the character to use. 


    negativeSign - the character for the negative sign 

    Returns: a copy with a new character that represents the negative sign, not null 

*java.time.format.DecimalStyle.withPositiveSign(char)*

public |java.time.format.DecimalStyle| withPositiveSign(char positiveSign)

Returns a copy of the info with a new character that represents the positive 
sign. 

The character used to represent a positive number may vary by culture. This 
method specifies the character to use. 


    positiveSign - the character for the positive sign 

    Returns: a copy with a new character that represents the positive sign, not null 

*java.time.format.DecimalStyle.withZeroDigit(char)*

public |java.time.format.DecimalStyle| withZeroDigit(char zeroDigit)

Returns a copy of the info with a new character that represents zero. 

The character used to represent digits may vary by culture. This method 
specifies the zero character to use, which implies the characters for one to 
nine. 


    zeroDigit - the character for zero 

    Returns: a copy with a new character that represents zero, not null 


