*java.util.Base64* *Base64* This class consists exclusively of static methods fo

public class Base64
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|java.util.Base64_Description|
|java.util.Base64_Fields|
|java.util.Base64_Constructors|
|java.util.Base64_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.util.Base64_Methods*
|java.util.Base64.getDecoder()|Returns aDecoderthat decodes using the  Basic ty
|java.util.Base64.getEncoder()|Returns aEncoderthat encodes using the  Basic ty
|java.util.Base64.getMimeDecoder()|Returns aDecoderthat decodes using the  MIME
|java.util.Base64.getMimeEncoder()|Returns aEncoderthat encodes using the  MIME
|java.util.Base64.getMimeEncoder(int,byte[])|Returns aEncoderthat encodes using
|java.util.Base64.getUrlDecoder()|Returns aDecoderthat decodes using the  URL a
|java.util.Base64.getUrlEncoder()|Returns aEncoderthat encodes using the  URL a

*java.util.Base64_Description*

This class consists exclusively of static methods for obtaining encoders and 
decoders for the Base64 encoding scheme. The implementation of this class 
supports the following types of Base64 as specified in RFC 4648 and RFC 2045. 

Basic Uses "The Base64 Alphabet" as specified in Table 1 of RFC 4648 and RFC 
2045 for encoding and decoding operation. The encoder does not add any line 
feed (line separator) character. The decoder rejects data that contains 
characters outside the base64 alphabet. 

URL and Filename safe Uses the "URL and Filename safe Base64 Alphabet" as 
specified in Table 2 of RFC 4648 for encoding and decoding. The encoder does 
not add any line feed (line separator) character. The decoder rejects data that 
contains characters outside the base64 alphabet. 

MIME Uses the "The Base64 Alphabet" as specified in Table 1 of RFC 2045 for 
encoding and decoding operation. The encoded output must be represented in 
lines of no more than 76 characters each and uses a carriage return'\r'followed 
immediately by a linefeed'\n'as the line separator. No line separator is added 
to the end of the encoded output. All line separators or other characters not 
found in the base64 alphabet table are ignored in decoding operation. 

Unless otherwise noted, passing anullargument to a method of this class will 
cause a NullPointerException(|java.lang.NullPointerException|) to be thrown. 



*java.util.Base64.getDecoder()*

public static |java.util.Base64.Decoder| getDecoder()

Returns a (|java.util.Base64.Decoder|) that decodes using the Basic type base64 
encoding scheme. 



    Returns: A Base64 decoder. 

*java.util.Base64.getEncoder()*

public static |java.util.Base64.Encoder| getEncoder()

Returns a (|java.util.Base64.Encoder|) that encodes using the Basic type base64 
encoding scheme. 



    Returns: A Base64 encoder. 

*java.util.Base64.getMimeDecoder()*

public static |java.util.Base64.Decoder| getMimeDecoder()

Returns a (|java.util.Base64.Decoder|) that decodes using the MIME type base64 
decoding scheme. 



    Returns: A Base64 decoder. 

*java.util.Base64.getMimeEncoder()*

public static |java.util.Base64.Encoder| getMimeEncoder()

Returns a (|java.util.Base64.Encoder|) that encodes using the MIME type base64 
encoding scheme. 



    Returns: A Base64 encoder. 

*java.util.Base64.getMimeEncoder(int,byte[])*

public static |java.util.Base64.Encoder| getMimeEncoder(
  int lineLength,
  byte[] lineSeparator)

Returns a (|java.util.Base64.Encoder|) that encodes using the MIME type base64 
encoding scheme with specified line length and line separators. 


    lineLength - the length of each output line (rounded down to nearest multiple of 4). If 
       {@code lineLength <= 0} the output will not be separated in lines 
    lineSeparator - the line separator for each output line 

    Returns: A Base64 encoder. 

*java.util.Base64.getUrlDecoder()*

public static |java.util.Base64.Decoder| getUrlDecoder()

Returns a (|java.util.Base64.Decoder|) that decodes using the URL and Filename 
safe type base64 encoding scheme. 



    Returns: A Base64 decoder. 

*java.util.Base64.getUrlEncoder()*

public static |java.util.Base64.Encoder| getUrlEncoder()

Returns a (|java.util.Base64.Encoder|) that encodes using the URL and Filename 
safe type base64 encoding scheme. 



    Returns: A Base64 encoder. 


