*java.io.DataInput* *DataInput* TheDataInputinterface provides
 for reading byte

public interface interface DataInput


|java.io.DataInput_Description|
|java.io.DataInput_Fields|
|java.io.DataInput_Constructors|
|java.io.DataInput_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.io.DataInput_Methods*
|java.io.DataInput.readBoolean()|Reads one input byte and returnstrueif that by
|java.io.DataInput.readByte()|Reads and returns one input byte.
|java.io.DataInput.readChar()|Reads two input bytes and returns acharvalue.
|java.io.DataInput.readDouble()|Reads eight input bytes and returns  adoubleval
|java.io.DataInput.readFloat()|Reads four input bytes and returns  afloatvalue.
|java.io.DataInput.readFully(byte[])|Reads some bytes from an input  stream and
|java.io.DataInput.readFully(byte[],int,int)|Readslenbytes from  an input strea
|java.io.DataInput.readInt()|Reads four input bytes and returns anintvalue.
|java.io.DataInput.readLine()|Reads the next line of text from the input stream
|java.io.DataInput.readLong()|Reads eight input bytes and returns  alongvalue.
|java.io.DataInput.readShort()|Reads two input bytes and returns  ashortvalue.
|java.io.DataInput.readUnsignedByte()|Reads one input byte, zero-extends  it to
|java.io.DataInput.readUnsignedShort()|Reads two input bytes and returns  anint
|java.io.DataInput.readUTF()|Reads in a string that has been encoded using a  m
|java.io.DataInput.skipBytes(int)|Makes an attempt to skip overnbytes  of data 

*java.io.DataInput_Description*

TheDataInputinterface provides for reading bytes from a binary stream and 
reconstructing from them data in any of the Java primitive types. There is also 
a facility for reconstructing aStringfrom data in modified UTF-8 format. 

It is generally true of all the reading routines in this interface that if end 
of file is reached before the desired number of bytes has been read, 
anEOFException(which is a kind ofIOException) is thrown. If any byte cannot be 
read for any reason other than end of file, anIOExceptionother 
thanEOFExceptionis thrown. In particular, anIOExceptionmay be thrown if the 
input stream has been closed. 

Modified UTF-8 

Implementations of the DataInput and DataOutput interfaces represent Unicode 
strings in a format that is a slight modification of UTF-8. (For information 
regarding the standard UTF-8 format, see section 3.9 Unicode Encoding Forms of 
The Unicode Standard, Version 4.0). Note that in the following table, the most 
significant bit appears in the far left-hand column. 





All characters in the range'\u0001'to'\u007F'are represented by a single byte: 



Bit Values 

Byte 1 0 bits 6-0 



The null character'\u0000'and characters in the range'\u0080'to'\u07FF'are 
represented by a pair of bytes: 



Bit Values 

Byte 1 1 1 0 bits 10-6 

Byte 2 1 0 bits 5-0 

charvalues in the range'\u0800'to'\uFFFF'are represented by three bytes: 



Bit Values 

Byte 1 1 1 1 0 bits 15-12 

Byte 2 1 0 bits 11-6 

Byte 3 1 0 bits 5-0 



The differences between this format and the standard UTF-8 format are the 
following: 

The null byte'\u0000'is encoded in 2-byte format rather than 1-byte, so that 
the encoded strings never have embedded nulls. Only the 1-byte, 2-byte, and 
3-byte formats are used. Supplementary characters are represented in the form 
of surrogate pairs. 



*java.io.DataInput.readBoolean()*

public boolean readBoolean()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Reads one input byte and returnstrueif that byte is nonzero,falseif that byte 
is zero. This method is suitable for reading the byte written by 
thewriteBooleanmethod of interfaceDataOutput. 



    Returns: the {@code boolean} value read. 

*java.io.DataInput.readByte()*

public byte readByte()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Reads and returns one input byte. The byte is treated as a signed value in the 
range-128through127, inclusive. This method is suitable for reading the byte 
written by thewriteBytemethod of interfaceDataOutput. 



    Returns: the 8-bit value read. 

*java.io.DataInput.readChar()*

public char readChar()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Reads two input bytes and returns acharvalue. Letabe the first byte read andbbe 
the second byte. The value returned is: 

(char)((a << 8) | (b & 0xff)) 

This method is suitable for reading bytes written by thewriteCharmethod of 
interfaceDataOutput. 



    Returns: the {@code char} value read. 

*java.io.DataInput.readDouble()*

public double readDouble()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Reads eight input bytes and returns adoublevalue. It does this by first 
constructing alongvalue in exactly the manner of thereadLongmethod, then 
converting thislongvalue to adoublein exactly the manner of the 
methodDouble.longBitsToDouble. This method is suitable for reading bytes 
written by thewriteDoublemethod of interfaceDataOutput. 



    Returns: the {@code double} value read. 

*java.io.DataInput.readFloat()*

public float readFloat()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Reads four input bytes and returns afloatvalue. It does this by first 
constructing anintvalue in exactly the manner of thereadIntmethod, then 
converting thisintvalue to afloatin exactly the manner of the 
methodFloat.intBitsToFloat. This method is suitable for reading bytes written 
by thewriteFloatmethod of interfaceDataOutput. 



    Returns: the {@code float} value read. 

*java.io.DataInput.readFully(byte[])*

public void readFully(byte[] b)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Reads some bytes from an input stream and stores them into the buffer arrayb. 
The number of bytes read is equal to the length ofb. 

This method blocks until one of the following conditions occurs: 

b.lengthbytes of input data are available, in which case a normal return is 
made. 

End of file is detected, in which case anEOFExceptionis thrown. 

An I/O error occurs, in which case anIOExceptionother thanEOFExceptionis 
thrown. 

Ifbisnull, aNullPointerExceptionis thrown. Ifb.lengthis zero, then no bytes are 
read. Otherwise, the first byte read is stored into elementb[0], the next one 
intob[1], and so on. If an exception is thrown from this method, then it may be 
that some but not all bytes ofbhave been updated with data from the input 
stream. 


    b - the buffer into which the data is read. 

*java.io.DataInput.readFully(byte[],int,int)*

public void readFully(
  byte[] b,
  int off,
  int len)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Readslenbytes from an input stream. 

This method blocks until one of the following conditions occurs: 

lenbytes of input data are available, in which case a normal return is made. 

End of file is detected, in which case anEOFExceptionis thrown. 

An I/O error occurs, in which case anIOExceptionother thanEOFExceptionis 
thrown. 

Ifbisnull, aNullPointerExceptionis thrown. Ifoffis negative, orlenis negative, 
oroff+lenis greater than the length of the arrayb, then 
anIndexOutOfBoundsExceptionis thrown. Iflenis zero, then no bytes are read. 
Otherwise, the first byte read is stored into elementb[off], the next one 
intob[off+1], and so on. The number of bytes read is, at most, equal tolen. 


    b - the buffer into which the data is read. 
    off - an int specifying the offset into the data. 
    len - an int specifying the number of bytes to read. 

*java.io.DataInput.readInt()*

public int readInt()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Reads four input bytes and returns anintvalue. Leta-dbe the first through 
fourth bytes read. The value returned is: 

(((a & 0xff) << 24) | ((b & 0xff) << 16) | ((c & 0xff) << 8) | (d & 0xff)) 

This method is suitable for reading bytes written by thewriteIntmethod of 
interfaceDataOutput. 



    Returns: the {@code int} value read. 

*java.io.DataInput.readLine()*

public |java.lang.String| readLine()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Reads the next line of text from the input stream. It reads successive bytes, 
converting each byte separately into a character, until it encounters a line 
terminator or end of file; the characters read are then returned as aString. 
Note that because this method processes bytes, it does not support input of the 
full Unicode character set. 

If end of file is encountered before even one byte can be read, thennullis 
returned. Otherwise, each byte that is read is converted to typecharby 
zero-extension. If the character'\n'is encountered, it is discarded and reading 
ceases. If the character'\r'is encountered, it is discarded and, if the 
following byte converts to the character'\n', then that is discarded also; 
reading then ceases. If end of file is encountered before either of the 
characters'\n'and'\r'is encountered, reading ceases. Once reading has ceased, 
aStringis returned that contains all the characters read and not discarded, 
taken in order. Note that every character in this string will have a value less 
than\u0100, that is,(char)256. 



    Returns: the next line of text from the input stream, or {@code null} if the end of file 
             is encountered before a byte can be read. 

*java.io.DataInput.readLong()*

public long readLong()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Reads eight input bytes and returns alongvalue. Leta-hbe the first through 
eighth bytes read. The value returned is: 

(((long)(a & 0xff) << 56) | ((long)(b & 0xff) << 48) | ((long)(c & 0xff) << 40) 
| ((long)(d & 0xff) << 32) | ((long)(e & 0xff) << 24) | ((long)(f & 0xff) << 
16) | ((long)(g & 0xff) << 8) | ((long)(h & 0xff))) 

This method is suitable for reading bytes written by thewriteLongmethod of 
interfaceDataOutput. 



    Returns: the {@code long} value read. 

*java.io.DataInput.readShort()*

public short readShort()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Reads two input bytes and returns ashortvalue. Letabe the first byte read 
andbbe the second byte. The value returned is: 

(short)((a << 8) | (b & 0xff)) 

This method is suitable for reading the bytes written by thewriteShortmethod of 
interfaceDataOutput. 



    Returns: the 16-bit value read. 

*java.io.DataInput.readUnsignedByte()*

public int readUnsignedByte()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Reads one input byte, zero-extends it to typeint, and returns the result, which 
is therefore in the range0through255. This method is suitable for reading the 
byte written by thewriteBytemethod of interfaceDataOutputif the argument 
towriteBytewas intended to be a value in the range0through255. 



    Returns: the unsigned 8-bit value read. 

*java.io.DataInput.readUnsignedShort()*

public int readUnsignedShort()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Reads two input bytes and returns anintvalue in the range0through65535. Letabe 
the first byte read andbbe the second byte. The value returned is: 

(((a & 0xff) << 8) | (b & 0xff)) 

This method is suitable for reading the bytes written by thewriteShortmethod of 
interfaceDataOutputif the argument towriteShortwas intended to be a value in 
the range0through65535. 



    Returns: the unsigned 16-bit value read. 

*java.io.DataInput.readUTF()*

public |java.lang.String| readUTF()
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Reads in a string that has been encoded using a modified UTF-8 format. The 
general contract ofreadUTFis that it reads a representation of a Unicode 
character string encoded in modified UTF-8 format; this string of characters is 
then returned as aString. 

First, two bytes are read and used to construct an unsigned 16-bit integer in 
exactly the manner of thereadUnsignedShortmethod . This integer value is called 
the UTF length and specifies the number of additional bytes to be read. These 
bytes are then converted to characters by considering them in groups. The 
length of each group is computed from the value of the first byte of the group. 
The byte following a group, if any, is the first byte of the next group. 

If the first byte of a group matches the bit pattern0xxxxxxx(wherexmeans "may 
be0or1"), then the group consists of just that byte. The byte is zero-extended 
to form a character. 

If the first byte of a group matches the bit pattern110xxxxx, then the group 
consists of that byteaand a second byteb. If there is no byteb(because byteawas 
the last of the bytes to be read), or if bytebdoes not match the bit 
pattern10xxxxxx, then aUTFDataFormatExceptionis thrown. Otherwise, the group is 
converted to the character: 

(char)(((a & 0x1F) << 6) | (b & 0x3F)) 

If the first byte of a group matches the bit pattern1110xxxx, then the group 
consists of that byteaand two more bytesbandc. If there is no bytec(because 
byteawas one of the last two of the bytes to be read), or either bytebor 
bytecdoes not match the bit pattern10xxxxxx, then aUTFDataFormatExceptionis 
thrown. Otherwise, the group is converted to the character: 

(char)(((a & 0x0F) << 12) | ((b & 0x3F) << 6) | (c & 0x3F)) 

If the first byte of a group matches the pattern1111xxxxor the pattern10xxxxxx, 
then aUTFDataFormatExceptionis thrown. 

If end of file is encountered at any time during this entire process, then 
anEOFExceptionis thrown. 

After every group has been converted to a character by this process, the 
characters are gathered, in the same order in which their corresponding groups 
were read from the input stream, to form aString, which is returned. 

ThewriteUTFmethod of interfaceDataOutputmay be used to write data that is 
suitable for reading by this method. 



    Returns: a Unicode string. 

*java.io.DataInput.skipBytes(int)*

public int skipBytes(int n)
  throws |java.io.IOException|
         
Makes an attempt to skip overnbytes of data from the input stream, discarding 
the skipped bytes. However, it may skip over some smaller number of bytes, 
possibly zero. This may result from any of a number of conditions; reaching end 
of file beforenbytes have been skipped is only one possibility. This method 
never throws anEOFException. The actual number of bytes skipped is returned. 


    n - the number of bytes to be skipped. 

    Returns: the number of bytes actually skipped. 


