*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology* *ThaiBuddhistChronology* The Thai Budd

public final class ThaiBuddhistChronology
  extends    |java.time.chrono.AbstractChronology|
  implements |java.io.Serializable|

|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology_Description|
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology_Fields|
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology_Constructors|
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology_Fields*
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology_java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.INSTANCE|

*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology_Methods*
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.date(Era,int,int,int)|Obtains a local 
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.date(int,int,int)|Obtains a local date
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.date(TemporalAccessor)|
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.dateEpochDay(long)|Obtains a local dat
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.dateNow()|
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.dateNow(Clock)|
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.dateNow(ZoneId)|
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.dateYearDay(Era,int,int)|Obtains a loc
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.dateYearDay(int,int)|Obtains a local d
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.eraOf(int)|
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.eras()|
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.getCalendarType()|Gets the calendar ty
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.getId()|Gets the ID of the chronology 
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.isLeapYear(long)|Checks if the specifi
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.localDateTime(TemporalAccessor)|
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.prolepticYear(Era,int)|
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.range(ChronoField)|
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.resolveDate(Map<TemporalField,Long>,ResolverStyle)|
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.zonedDateTime(Instant,ZoneId)|
|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.zonedDateTime(TemporalAccessor)|

*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology_Description*

The Thai Buddhist calendar system. 

This chronology defines the rules of the Thai Buddhist calendar system. This 
calendar system is primarily used in Thailand. Dates are aligned such 
that2484-01-01 (Buddhist)is1941-01-01 (ISO). 

The fields are defined as follows: 

era - There are two eras, the current 'Buddhist' (ERA_BE) and the previous era 
(ERA_BEFORE_BE). year-of-era - The year-of-era for the current era increases 
uniformly from the epoch at year one. For the previous era the year increases 
from one as time goes backwards. The value for the current era is equal to the 
ISO proleptic-year plus 543. proleptic-year - The proleptic year is the same as 
the year-of-era for the current era. For the previous era, years have zero, 
then negative values. The value is equal to the ISO proleptic-year plus 543. 
month-of-year - The ThaiBuddhist month-of-year exactly matches ISO. 
day-of-month - The ThaiBuddhist day-of-month exactly matches ISO. day-of-year - 
The ThaiBuddhist day-of-year exactly matches ISO. leap-year - The ThaiBuddhist 
leap-year pattern exactly matches ISO, such that the two calendars are never 
out of step. 



*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology_java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.INSTANCE*

Singleton instance of the Buddhist chronology. 



*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.date(Era,int,int,int)*

public |java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistDate| date(
  java.time.chrono.Era era,
  int yearOfEra,
  int month,
  int dayOfMonth)

Obtains a local date in Thai Buddhist calendar system from the era, 
year-of-era, month-of-year and day-of-month fields. 


    era - the Thai Buddhist era, not null 
    yearOfEra - the year-of-era 
    month - the month-of-year 
    dayOfMonth - the day-of-month 

    Returns: the Thai Buddhist local date, not null 

*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.date(int,int,int)*

public |java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistDate| date(
  int prolepticYear,
  int month,
  int dayOfMonth)

Obtains a local date in Thai Buddhist calendar system from the proleptic-year, 
month-of-year and day-of-month fields. 


    prolepticYear - the proleptic-year 
    month - the month-of-year 
    dayOfMonth - the day-of-month 

    Returns: the Thai Buddhist local date, not null 

*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.date(TemporalAccessor)*

public |java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistDate| date(java.time.temporal.TemporalAccessor temporal)





*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.dateEpochDay(long)*

public |java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistDate| dateEpochDay(long epochDay)

Obtains a local date in the Thai Buddhist calendar system from the epoch-day. 


    epochDay - the epoch day 

    Returns: the Thai Buddhist local date, not null 

*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.dateNow()*

public |java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistDate| dateNow()





*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.dateNow(Clock)*

public |java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistDate| dateNow(java.time.Clock clock)





*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.dateNow(ZoneId)*

public |java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistDate| dateNow(java.time.ZoneId zone)





*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.dateYearDay(Era,int,int)*

public |java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistDate| dateYearDay(
  java.time.chrono.Era era,
  int yearOfEra,
  int dayOfYear)

Obtains a local date in Thai Buddhist calendar system from the era, year-of-era 
and day-of-year fields. 


    era - the Thai Buddhist era, not null 
    yearOfEra - the year-of-era 
    dayOfYear - the day-of-year 

    Returns: the Thai Buddhist local date, not null 

*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.dateYearDay(int,int)*

public |java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistDate| dateYearDay(
  int prolepticYear,
  int dayOfYear)

Obtains a local date in Thai Buddhist calendar system from the proleptic-year 
and day-of-year fields. 


    prolepticYear - the proleptic-year 
    dayOfYear - the day-of-year 

    Returns: the Thai Buddhist local date, not null 

*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.eraOf(int)*

public |java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistEra| eraOf(int eraValue)





*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.eras()*

public |java.util.List|<Era> eras()





*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.getCalendarType()*

public |java.lang.String| getCalendarType()

Gets the calendar type of the underlying calendar system - 'buddhist'. 

The calendar type is an identifier defined by the Unicode Locale Data Markup 
Language (LDML) specification. It can be used to lookup theChronologyusing 
(|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology|) . It can also be used as part of a 
locale, accessible via (|java.util.Locale|) with the key 'ca'. 



    Returns: the calendar system type - 'buddhist' 

*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.getId()*

public |java.lang.String| getId()

Gets the ID of the chronology - 'ThaiBuddhist'. 

The ID uniquely identifies theChronology. It can be used to lookup 
theChronologyusing (|java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology|) . 



    Returns: the chronology ID - 'ThaiBuddhist' 

*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.isLeapYear(long)*

public boolean isLeapYear(long prolepticYear)

Checks if the specified year is a leap year. 

Thai Buddhist leap years occur exactly in line with ISO leap years. This method 
does not validate the year passed in, and only has a well-defined result for 
years in the supported range. 


    prolepticYear - the proleptic-year to check, not validated for range 

    Returns: true if the year is a leap year 

*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.localDateTime(TemporalAccessor)*

public |java.time.chrono.ChronoLocalDateTime|<ThaiBuddhistDate> localDateTime(java.time.temporal.TemporalAccessor temporal)





*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.prolepticYear(Era,int)*

public int prolepticYear(
  java.time.chrono.Era era,
  int yearOfEra)





*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.range(ChronoField)*

public |java.time.temporal.ValueRange| range(java.time.temporal.ChronoField field)





*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.resolveDate(Map<TemporalField,Long>,ResolverStyle)*

public |java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistDate| resolveDate(
  java.util.Map<java.time.temporal.TemporalField, java.lang.Long> fieldValues,
  java.time.format.ResolverStyle resolverStyle)





*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.zonedDateTime(Instant,ZoneId)*

public |java.time.chrono.ChronoZonedDateTime|<ThaiBuddhistDate> zonedDateTime(
  java.time.Instant instant,
  java.time.ZoneId zone)





*java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology.zonedDateTime(TemporalAccessor)*

public |java.time.chrono.ChronoZonedDateTime|<ThaiBuddhistDate> zonedDateTime(java.time.temporal.TemporalAccessor temporal)






