*javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement* *ExecutableElement* Represents a me

public interface interface ExecutableElement

  implements |javax.lang.model.element.Element|
             |javax.lang.model.element.Parameterizable|

|javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement_Description|
|javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement_Fields|
|javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement_Constructors|
|javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement_Methods*
|javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement.getDefaultValue()|Returns the defau
|javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement.getParameters()|Returns the formal 
|javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement.getReceiverType()|Returns the recei
|javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement.getReturnType()|Returns the return 
|javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement.getSimpleName()|Returns the simple 
|javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement.getThrownTypes()|Returns the except
|javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement.getTypeParameters()|Returns the for
|javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement.isDefault()|Returnstrueif this meth
|javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement.isVarArgs()|Returnstrueif this meth

*javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement_Description*

Represents a method, constructor, or initializer (static or instance) of a 
class or interface, including annotation type elements. 



*javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement.getDefaultValue()*

public |javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValue| getDefaultValue()

Returns the default value if this executable is an annotation type element. 
Returnsnullif this method is not an annotation type element, or if it is an 
annotation type element with no default value. 



    Returns: the default value, or {@code null} if none 

*javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement.getParameters()*

public |java.util.List|<? extends javax.lang.model.element.VariableElement> getParameters()

Returns the formal parameters of this executable. They are returned in 
declaration order. 



    Returns: the formal parameters, or an empty list if there are none 

*javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement.getReceiverType()*

public |javax.lang.model.type.TypeMirror| getReceiverType()

Returns the receiver type of this executable, or 
NoType(|javax.lang.model.type.NoType|) with kind 
NONE(|javax.lang.model.type.TypeKind|) if the executable has no receiver type. 

An executable which is an instance method, or a constructor of an inner class, 
has a receiver type derived from the declaring 
type(|javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement|) . 

An executable which is a static method, or a constructor of a non-inner class, 
or an initializer (static or instance), has no receiver type. 



    Returns: the receiver type of this executable 

*javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement.getReturnType()*

public |javax.lang.model.type.TypeMirror| getReturnType()

Returns the return type of this executable. Returns a 
(|javax.lang.model.type.NoType|) with kind 
VOID(|javax.lang.model.type.TypeKind|) if this executable is not a method, or 
is a method that does not return a value. 



    Returns: the return type of this executable 

*javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement.getSimpleName()*

public |javax.lang.model.element.Name| getSimpleName()

Returns the simple name of a constructor, method, or initializer. For a 
constructor, the name""is returned, for a static initializer, the name""is 
returned, and for an anonymous class or instance initializer, an empty name is 
returned. 



    Returns: the simple name of a constructor, method, or initializer 

*javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement.getThrownTypes()*

public |java.util.List|<? extends javax.lang.model.type.TypeMirror> getThrownTypes()

Returns the exceptions and other throwables listed in this method or 
constructor'sthrowsclause in declaration order. 



    Returns: the exceptions and other throwables listed in the {@code throws} clause, or an 
             empty list if there are none 

*javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement.getTypeParameters()*

public |java.util.List|<? extends javax.lang.model.element.TypeParameterElement> getTypeParameters()

Returns the formal type parameters of this executable in declaration order. 



    Returns: the formal type parameters, or an empty list if there are none 

*javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement.isDefault()*

public boolean isDefault()

Returnstrueif this method is a default method and returnsfalseotherwise. 



    Returns: {@code true} if this method is a default method and {@code false} otherwise 

*javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement.isVarArgs()*

public boolean isVarArgs()

Returnstrueif this method or constructor accepts a variable number of arguments 
and returnsfalseotherwise. 



    Returns: {@code true} if this method or constructor accepts a variable number of 
             arguments and {@code false} otherwise 


