*javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException* *TypeConstraintException* This exceptio

public class TypeConstraintException
  extends    |java.lang.RuntimeException|

|javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException_Description|
|javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException_Fields|
|javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException_Constructors|
|javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException_Methods|

================================================================================

*javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException_Constructors*
|javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException(String)|Construct a TypeConstraintExcep
|javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException(String,String)|Construct a TypeConstrai
|javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException(String,String,Throwable)|Construct a Ty
|javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException(String,Throwable)|Construct a TypeConst
|javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException(Throwable)|Construct a TypeConstraintEx

*javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException_Methods*
|javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException.getErrorCode()|Get the vendor specific 
|javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException.getLinkedException()|Get the linked exc
|javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException.printStackTrace()|Prints this TypeConst
|javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException.printStackTrace(PrintStream)|Prints thi
|javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException.setLinkedException(Throwable)|Add a lin
|javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException.toString()|Returns a short description 

*javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException_Description*

This exception indicates that a violation of a dynamically checked type 
constraint was detected. 

This exception can be thrown by the generated setter methods of the schema 
derived Java content classes. However, since fail-fast validation is an 
optional feature for JAXB Providers to support, not all setter methods will 
throw this exception when a type constraint is violated. 

If this exception is throw while invoking a fail-fast setter, the value of the 
property is guaranteed to remain unchanged, as if the setter were never called. 



*javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException(String)*

public TypeConstraintException(java.lang.String message)

Construct a TypeConstraintException with the specified detail message. The 
errorCode and linkedException will default to null. 

    message - a description of the exception 

*javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException(String,String)*

public TypeConstraintException(
  java.lang.String message,
  java.lang.String errorCode)

Construct a TypeConstraintException with the specified detail message and 
vendor specific errorCode. The linkedException will default to null. 

    message - a description of the exception 
    errorCode - a string specifying the vendor specific error code 

*javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException(String,String,Throwable)*

public TypeConstraintException(
  java.lang.String message,
  java.lang.String errorCode,
  java.lang.Throwable exception)

Construct a TypeConstraintException with the specified detail message, vendor 
specific errorCode, and linkedException. 

    message - a description of the exception 
    errorCode - a string specifying the vendor specific error code 
    exception - the linked exception 

*javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException(String,Throwable)*

public TypeConstraintException(
  java.lang.String message,
  java.lang.Throwable exception)

Construct a TypeConstraintException with the specified detail message and 
linkedException. The errorCode will default to null. 

    message - a description of the exception 
    exception - the linked exception 

*javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException(Throwable)*

public TypeConstraintException(java.lang.Throwable exception)

Construct a TypeConstraintException with a linkedException. The detail message 
and vendor specific errorCode will default to null. 

    exception - the linked exception 

*javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException.getErrorCode()*

public |java.lang.String| getErrorCode()

Get the vendor specific error code 



    Returns: a string specifying the vendor specific error code 

*javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException.getLinkedException()*

public |java.lang.Throwable| getLinkedException()

Get the linked exception 



    Returns: the linked Exception, null if none exists 

*javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException.printStackTrace()*

public void printStackTrace()

Prints this TypeConstraintException and its stack trace (including the stack 
trace of the linkedException if it is non-null) to System.err. 



*javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException.printStackTrace(PrintStream)*

public void printStackTrace(java.io.PrintStream s)

Prints this TypeConstraintException and its stack trace (including the stack 
trace of the linkedException if it is non-null) to the PrintStream. 


    s - PrintStream to use for output 

*javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException.setLinkedException(Throwable)*

public void setLinkedException(java.lang.Throwable exception)

Add a linked Exception. 


    exception - the linked Exception (A null value is permitted and indicates that the linked 
       exception does not exist or is unknown). 

*javax.xml.bind.TypeConstraintException.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a short description of this TypeConstraintException. 




