*java.util.stream.IntStream* *IntStream* A sequence of primitive int-valued elem

public interface interface IntStream

  implements |java.util.stream.BaseStream|

|java.util.stream.IntStream_Description|
|java.util.stream.IntStream_Fields|
|java.util.stream.IntStream_Constructors|
|java.util.stream.IntStream_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.util.stream.IntStream_Methods*
|java.util.stream.IntStream.allMatch(IntPredicate)|Returns whether all elements
|java.util.stream.IntStream.anyMatch(IntPredicate)|Returns whether any elements
|java.util.stream.IntStream.asDoubleStream()|Returns aDoubleStreamconsisting of
|java.util.stream.IntStream.asLongStream()|Returns aLongStreamconsisting of the
|java.util.stream.IntStream.average()|Returns anOptionalDoubledescribing the ar
|java.util.stream.IntStream.boxed()|Returns aStreamconsisting of the elements o
|java.util.stream.IntStream.builder()|Returns a builder for anIntStream.
|java.util.stream.IntStream.collect(Supplier<R>,ObjIntConsumer<R>,BiConsumer<R,R>)|
|java.util.stream.IntStream.concat(IntStream,IntStream)|Creates a lazily concat
|java.util.stream.IntStream.count()|Returns the count of elements in this strea
|java.util.stream.IntStream.distinct()|Returns a stream consisting of the disti
|java.util.stream.IntStream.empty()|Returns an empty sequentialIntStream.
|java.util.stream.IntStream.filter(IntPredicate)|Returns a stream consisting of
|java.util.stream.IntStream.findAny()|Returns anOptionalIntdescribing some elem
|java.util.stream.IntStream.findFirst()|Returns anOptionalIntdescribing the fir
|java.util.stream.IntStream.flatMap(IntFunction<?extendsIntStream>)|Returns a s
|java.util.stream.IntStream.forEach(IntConsumer)|Performs an action for each el
|java.util.stream.IntStream.forEachOrdered(IntConsumer)|Performs an action for 
|java.util.stream.IntStream.generate(IntSupplier)|Returns an infinite sequentia
|java.util.stream.IntStream.iterate(int,IntUnaryOperator)|Returns an infinite s
|java.util.stream.IntStream.iterator()|
|java.util.stream.IntStream.limit(long)|Returns a stream consisting of the elem
|java.util.stream.IntStream.map(IntUnaryOperator)|Returns a stream consisting o
|java.util.stream.IntStream.mapToDouble(IntToDoubleFunction)|Returns aDoubleStr
|java.util.stream.IntStream.mapToLong(IntToLongFunction)|Returns aLongStreamcon
|java.util.stream.IntStream.mapToObj(IntFunction<?extendsU>)|Returns an object-
|java.util.stream.IntStream.max()|Returns anOptionalIntdescribing the maximum e
|java.util.stream.IntStream.min()|Returns anOptionalIntdescribing the minimum e
|java.util.stream.IntStream.noneMatch(IntPredicate)|Returns whether no elements
|java.util.stream.IntStream.of(int...)|Returns a sequential ordered stream whos
|java.util.stream.IntStream.of(int)|Returns a sequentialIntStreamcontaining a s
|java.util.stream.IntStream.parallel()|
|java.util.stream.IntStream.peek(IntConsumer)|Returns a stream consisting of th
|java.util.stream.IntStream.range(int,int)|Returns a sequential orderedIntStrea
|java.util.stream.IntStream.rangeClosed(int,int)|Returns a sequential orderedIn
|java.util.stream.IntStream.reduce(IntBinaryOperator)|Performs a reduction on t
|java.util.stream.IntStream.reduce(int,IntBinaryOperator)|Performs a reduction 
|java.util.stream.IntStream.sequential()|
|java.util.stream.IntStream.skip(long)|Returns a stream consisting of the remai
|java.util.stream.IntStream.sorted()|Returns a stream consisting of the element
|java.util.stream.IntStream.spliterator()|
|java.util.stream.IntStream.sum()|Returns the sum of elements in this stream.
|java.util.stream.IntStream.summaryStatistics()|Returns anIntSummaryStatisticsd
|java.util.stream.IntStream.toArray()|Returns an array containing the elements 

*java.util.stream.IntStream_Description*

A sequence of primitive int-valued elements supporting sequential and parallel 
aggregate operations. This is theintprimitive specialization of 
(|java.util.stream.Stream|) . 

The following example illustrates an aggregate operation using 
(|java.util.stream.Stream|) and (|java.util.stream.IntStream|) , computing the 
sum of the weights of the red widgets: 

int sum = widgets.stream() .filter(w -> w.getColor() == RED) .mapToInt(w -> 
w.getWeight()) .sum(); 

See the class documentation for (|java.util.stream.Stream|) and the package 
documentation for java.util.stream for additional specification of streams, 
stream operations, stream pipelines, and parallelism. 



*java.util.stream.IntStream.allMatch(IntPredicate)*

public boolean allMatch(java.util.function.IntPredicate predicate)

Returns whether all elements of this stream match the provided predicate. May 
not evaluate the predicate on all elements if not necessary for determining the 
result. If the stream is empty thentrueis returned and the predicate is not 
evaluated. 

This is a short-circuiting terminal operation. 


    predicate - a non-interfering, stateless predicate to apply to elements of this stream 

    Returns: {@code true} if either all elements of the stream match the provided predicate 
             or the stream is empty, otherwise {@code false} 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.anyMatch(IntPredicate)*

public boolean anyMatch(java.util.function.IntPredicate predicate)

Returns whether any elements of this stream match the provided predicate. May 
not evaluate the predicate on all elements if not necessary for determining the 
result. If the stream is empty thenfalseis returned and the predicate is not 
evaluated. 

This is a short-circuiting terminal operation. 


    predicate - a non-interfering, stateless predicate to apply to elements of this stream 

    Returns: {@code true} if any elements of the stream match the provided predicate, 
             otherwise {@code false} 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.asDoubleStream()*

public |java.util.stream.DoubleStream| asDoubleStream()

Returns aDoubleStreamconsisting of the elements of this stream, converted 
todouble. 

This is an intermediate operation. 



    Returns: a {@code DoubleStream} consisting of the elements of this stream, converted to 
             {@code double} 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.asLongStream()*

public |java.util.stream.LongStream| asLongStream()

Returns aLongStreamconsisting of the elements of this stream, converted tolong. 

This is an intermediate operation. 



    Returns: a {@code LongStream} consisting of the elements of this stream, converted to 
             {@code long} 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.average()*

public |java.util.OptionalDouble| average()

Returns anOptionalDoubledescribing the arithmetic mean of elements of this 
stream, or an empty optional if this stream is empty. This is a special case of 
a reduction. 

This is a terminal operation. 



    Returns: an {@code OptionalDouble} containing the average element of this stream, or an 
             empty optional if the stream is empty 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.boxed()*

public |java.util.stream.Stream|<Integer> boxed()

Returns aStreamconsisting of the elements of this stream, each boxed to 
anInteger. 

This is an intermediate operation. 



    Returns: a {@code Stream} consistent of the elements of this stream, each boxed to an 
             {@code Integer} 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.builder()*

public static |java.util.stream.IntStream.Builder| builder()

Returns a builder for anIntStream. 



    Returns: a stream builder 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.collect(Supplier<R>,ObjIntConsumer<R>,BiConsumer<R,R>)*

public |R| collect(
  java.util.function.Supplier<R> supplier,
  java.util.function.ObjIntConsumer<R> accumulator,
  java.util.function.BiConsumer<R, R> combiner)

Performs a mutable reduction operation on the elements of this stream. A 
mutable reduction is one in which the reduced value is a mutable result 
container, such as anArrayList, and elements are incorporated by updating the 
state of the result rather than by replacing the result. This produces a result 
equivalent to: 

R result = supplier.get(); for (int element : this stream) 
accumulator.accept(result, element); return result; 

Like (|java.util.stream.IntStream|) ,collectoperations can be parallelized 
without requiring additional synchronization. 

This is a terminal operation. 


    supplier - a function that creates a new result container. For a parallel execution, this 
       function may be called multiple times and must return a fresh value each 
       time. 
    accumulator - an associative, non-interfering, stateless function for incorporating an 
       additional element into a result 
    combiner - an associative, non-interfering, stateless function for combining two values, 
       which must be compatible with the accumulator function 

    Returns: the result of the reduction 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.concat(IntStream,IntStream)*

public static |java.util.stream.IntStream| concat(
  java.util.stream.IntStream a,
  java.util.stream.IntStream b)

Creates a lazily concatenated stream whose elements are all the elements of the 
first stream followed by all the elements of the second stream. The resulting 
stream is ordered if both of the input streams are ordered, and parallel if 
either of the input streams is parallel. When the resulting stream is closed, 
the close handlers for both input streams are invoked. 


    a - the first stream 
    b - the second stream 

    Returns: the concatenation of the two input streams 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.count()*

public long count()

Returns the count of elements in this stream. This is a special case of a 
reduction and is equivalent to: 

return mapToLong(e -> 1L).sum(); 

This is a terminal operation. 



    Returns: the count of elements in this stream 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.distinct()*

public |java.util.stream.IntStream| distinct()

Returns a stream consisting of the distinct elements of this stream. 

This is a stateful intermediate operation. 



    Returns: the new stream 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.empty()*

public static |java.util.stream.IntStream| empty()

Returns an empty sequentialIntStream. 



    Returns: an empty sequential stream 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.filter(IntPredicate)*

public |java.util.stream.IntStream| filter(java.util.function.IntPredicate predicate)

Returns a stream consisting of the elements of this stream that match the given 
predicate. 

This is an intermediate operation. 


    predicate - a non-interfering, stateless predicate to apply to each element to determine if 
       it should be included 

    Returns: the new stream 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.findAny()*

public |java.util.OptionalInt| findAny()

Returns an (|java.util.OptionalInt|) describing some element of the stream, or 
an emptyOptionalIntif the stream is empty. 

This is a short-circuiting terminal operation. 

The behavior of this operation is explicitly nondeterministic; it is free to 
select any element in the stream. This is to allow for maximal performance in 
parallel operations; the cost is that multiple invocations on the same source 
may not return the same result. (If a stable result is desired, use 
(|java.util.stream.IntStream|) instead.) 



    Returns: an {@code OptionalInt} describing some element of this stream, or an empty 
             {@code OptionalInt} if the stream is empty 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.findFirst()*

public |java.util.OptionalInt| findFirst()

Returns an (|java.util.OptionalInt|) describing the first element of this 
stream, or an emptyOptionalIntif the stream is empty. If the stream has no 
encounter order, then any element may be returned. 

This is a short-circuiting terminal operation. 



    Returns: an {@code OptionalInt} describing the first element of this stream, or an empty 
             {@code OptionalInt} if the stream is empty 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.flatMap(IntFunction<?extendsIntStream>)*

public |java.util.stream.IntStream| flatMap(java.util.function.IntFunction<? extends java.util.stream.IntStream> mapper)

Returns a stream consisting of the results of replacing each element of this 
stream with the contents of a mapped stream produced by applying the provided 
mapping function to each element. Each mapped stream is 
closed(|java.util.stream.BaseStream|) after its contents have been placed into 
this stream. (If a mapped stream isnullan empty stream is used, instead.) 

This is an intermediate operation. 


    mapper - a non-interfering, stateless function to apply to each element which produces 
       an {@code IntStream} of new values 

    Returns: the new stream 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.forEach(IntConsumer)*

public void forEach(java.util.function.IntConsumer action)

Performs an action for each element of this stream. 

This is a terminal operation. 

For parallel stream pipelines, this operation does not guarantee to respect the 
encounter order of the stream, as doing so would sacrifice the benefit of 
parallelism. For any given element, the action may be performed at whatever 
time and in whatever thread the library chooses. If the action accesses shared 
state, it is responsible for providing the required synchronization. 


    action - a non-interfering action to perform on the elements 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.forEachOrdered(IntConsumer)*

public void forEachOrdered(java.util.function.IntConsumer action)

Performs an action for each element of this stream, guaranteeing that each 
element is processed in encounter order for streams that have a defined 
encounter order. 

This is a terminal operation. 


    action - a non-interfering action to perform on the elements 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.generate(IntSupplier)*

public static |java.util.stream.IntStream| generate(java.util.function.IntSupplier s)

Returns an infinite sequential unordered stream where each element is generated 
by the providedIntSupplier. This is suitable for generating constant streams, 
streams of random elements, etc. 


    s - the {@code IntSupplier} for generated elements 

    Returns: a new infinite sequential unordered {@code IntStream} 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.iterate(int,IntUnaryOperator)*

public static |java.util.stream.IntStream| iterate(
  int seed,
  java.util.function.IntUnaryOperator f)

Returns an infinite sequential orderedIntStreamproduced by iterative 
application of a functionfto an initial elementseed, producing 
aStreamconsisting ofseed,f(seed),f(f(seed)), etc. 

The first element (position0) in theIntStreamwill be the providedseed. Forn > 
0, the element at positionn, will be the result of applying the functionfto the 
element at positionn - 1. 


    seed - the initial element 
    f - a function to be applied to to the previous element to produce a new element 

    Returns: A new sequential {@code IntStream} 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.iterator()*

public |java.util.PrimitiveIterator.OfInt| iterator()





*java.util.stream.IntStream.limit(long)*

public |java.util.stream.IntStream| limit(long maxSize)

Returns a stream consisting of the elements of this stream, truncated to be no 
longer thanmaxSizein length. 

This is a short-circuiting stateful intermediate operation. 


    maxSize - the number of elements the stream should be limited to 

    Returns: the new stream 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.map(IntUnaryOperator)*

public |java.util.stream.IntStream| map(java.util.function.IntUnaryOperator mapper)

Returns a stream consisting of the results of applying the given function to 
the elements of this stream. 

This is an intermediate operation. 


    mapper - a non-interfering, stateless function to apply to each element 

    Returns: the new stream 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.mapToDouble(IntToDoubleFunction)*

public |java.util.stream.DoubleStream| mapToDouble(java.util.function.IntToDoubleFunction mapper)

Returns aDoubleStreamconsisting of the results of applying the given function 
to the elements of this stream. 

This is an intermediate operation. 


    mapper - a non-interfering, stateless function to apply to each element 

    Returns: the new stream 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.mapToLong(IntToLongFunction)*

public |java.util.stream.LongStream| mapToLong(java.util.function.IntToLongFunction mapper)

Returns aLongStreamconsisting of the results of applying the given function to 
the elements of this stream. 

This is an intermediate operation. 


    mapper - a non-interfering, stateless function to apply to each element 

    Returns: the new stream 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.mapToObj(IntFunction<?extendsU>)*

public |java.util.stream.Stream|<U> mapToObj(java.util.function.IntFunction<? extends U> mapper)

Returns an object-valuedStreamconsisting of the results of applying the given 
function to the elements of this stream. 

This is an intermediate operation. 


    mapper - a non-interfering, stateless function to apply to each element 

    Returns: the new stream 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.max()*

public |java.util.OptionalInt| max()

Returns anOptionalIntdescribing the maximum element of this stream, or an empty 
optional if this stream is empty. This is a special case of a reduction and is 
equivalent to: 

return reduce(Integer::max); 

This is a terminal operation. 



    Returns: an {@code OptionalInt} containing the maximum element of this stream, or an 
             empty {@code OptionalInt} if the stream is empty 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.min()*

public |java.util.OptionalInt| min()

Returns anOptionalIntdescribing the minimum element of this stream, or an empty 
optional if this stream is empty. This is a special case of a reduction and is 
equivalent to: 

return reduce(Integer::min); 

This is a terminal operation. 



    Returns: an {@code OptionalInt} containing the minimum element of this stream, or an 
             empty {@code OptionalInt} if the stream is empty 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.noneMatch(IntPredicate)*

public boolean noneMatch(java.util.function.IntPredicate predicate)

Returns whether no elements of this stream match the provided predicate. May 
not evaluate the predicate on all elements if not necessary for determining the 
result. If the stream is empty thentrueis returned and the predicate is not 
evaluated. 

This is a short-circuiting terminal operation. 


    predicate - a non-interfering, stateless predicate to apply to elements of this stream 

    Returns: {@code true} if either no elements of the stream match the provided predicate 
             or the stream is empty, otherwise {@code false} 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.of(int...)*

public static |java.util.stream.IntStream| of(int[] values)

Returns a sequential ordered stream whose elements are the specified values. 


    values - the elements of the new stream 

    Returns: the new stream 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.of(int)*

public static |java.util.stream.IntStream| of(int t)

Returns a sequentialIntStreamcontaining a single element. 


    t - the single element 

    Returns: a singleton sequential stream 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.parallel()*

public |java.util.stream.IntStream| parallel()





*java.util.stream.IntStream.peek(IntConsumer)*

public |java.util.stream.IntStream| peek(java.util.function.IntConsumer action)

Returns a stream consisting of the elements of this stream, additionally 
performing the provided action on each element as elements are consumed from 
the resulting stream. 

This is an intermediate operation. 

For parallel stream pipelines, the action may be called at whatever time and in 
whatever thread the element is made available by the upstream operation. If the 
action modifies shared state, it is responsible for providing the required 
synchronization. 


    action - a non-interfering action to perform on the elements as they are consumed from 
       the stream 

    Returns: the new stream 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.range(int,int)*

public static |java.util.stream.IntStream| range(
  int startInclusive,
  int endExclusive)

Returns a sequential orderedIntStreamfromstartInclusive(inclusive) 
toendExclusive(exclusive) by an incremental step of1. 


    startInclusive - the (inclusive) initial value 
    endExclusive - the exclusive upper bound 

    Returns: a sequential {@code IntStream} for the range of {@code int} elements 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.rangeClosed(int,int)*

public static |java.util.stream.IntStream| rangeClosed(
  int startInclusive,
  int endInclusive)

Returns a sequential orderedIntStreamfromstartInclusive(inclusive) 
toendInclusive(inclusive) by an incremental step of1. 


    startInclusive - the (inclusive) initial value 
    endInclusive - the inclusive upper bound 

    Returns: a sequential {@code IntStream} for the range of {@code int} elements 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.reduce(IntBinaryOperator)*

public |java.util.OptionalInt| reduce(java.util.function.IntBinaryOperator op)

Performs a reduction on the elements of this stream, using an associative 
accumulation function, and returns anOptionalIntdescribing the reduced value, 
if any. This is equivalent to: 

boolean foundAny = false; int result = null; for (int element : this stream) { 
if (!foundAny) { foundAny = true; result = element; } else result = 
accumulator.applyAsInt(result, element); } return foundAny ? 
OptionalInt.of(result) : OptionalInt.empty(); 

but is not constrained to execute sequentially. 

Theaccumulatorfunction must be an associative function. 

This is a terminal operation. 


    op - an associative, non-interfering, stateless function for combining two values 

    Returns: the result of the reduction 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.reduce(int,IntBinaryOperator)*

public int reduce(
  int identity,
  java.util.function.IntBinaryOperator op)

Performs a reduction on the elements of this stream, using the provided 
identity value and an associative accumulation function, and returns the 
reduced value. This is equivalent to: 

int result = identity; for (int element : this stream) result = 
accumulator.applyAsInt(result, element) return result; 

but is not constrained to execute sequentially. 

Theidentityvalue must be an identity for the accumulator function. This means 
that for allx,accumulator.apply(identity, x)is equal tox. 
Theaccumulatorfunction must be an associative function. 

This is a terminal operation. 


    identity - the identity value for the accumulating function 
    op - an associative, non-interfering, stateless function for combining two values 

    Returns: the result of the reduction 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.sequential()*

public |java.util.stream.IntStream| sequential()





*java.util.stream.IntStream.skip(long)*

public |java.util.stream.IntStream| skip(long n)

Returns a stream consisting of the remaining elements of this stream after 
discarding the firstnelements of the stream. If this stream contains fewer 
thannelements then an empty stream will be returned. 

This is a stateful intermediate operation. 


    n - the number of leading elements to skip 

    Returns: the new stream 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.sorted()*

public |java.util.stream.IntStream| sorted()

Returns a stream consisting of the elements of this stream in sorted order. 

This is a stateful intermediate operation. 



    Returns: the new stream 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.spliterator()*

public |java.util.Spliterator.OfInt| spliterator()





*java.util.stream.IntStream.sum()*

public int sum()

Returns the sum of elements in this stream. This is a special case of a 
reduction and is equivalent to: 

return reduce(0, Integer::sum); 

This is a terminal operation. 



    Returns: the sum of elements in this stream 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.summaryStatistics()*

public |java.util.IntSummaryStatistics| summaryStatistics()

Returns anIntSummaryStatisticsdescribing various summary data about the 
elements of this stream. This is a special case of a reduction. 

This is a terminal operation. 



    Returns: an {@code IntSummaryStatistics} describing various summary data about the 
             elements of this stream 

*java.util.stream.IntStream.toArray()*

public int[] toArray()

Returns an array containing the elements of this stream. 

This is a terminal operation. 



    Returns: an array containing the elements of this stream 


