*java.security.cert.CollectionCertStoreParameters* *CollectionCertStoreParameters* 

public class CollectionCertStoreParameters
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.security.cert.CertStoreParameters|

|java.security.cert.CollectionCertStoreParameters_Description|
|java.security.cert.CollectionCertStoreParameters_Fields|
|java.security.cert.CollectionCertStoreParameters_Constructors|
|java.security.cert.CollectionCertStoreParameters_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.security.cert.CollectionCertStoreParameters_Constructors*
|java.security.cert.CollectionCertStoreParameters()|Creates an instance ofColle
|java.security.cert.CollectionCertStoreParameters(Collection<?>)|Creates an ins

*java.security.cert.CollectionCertStoreParameters_Methods*
|java.security.cert.CollectionCertStoreParameters.clone()|Returns a copy of thi
|java.security.cert.CollectionCertStoreParameters.getCollection()|Returns theCo
|java.security.cert.CollectionCertStoreParameters.toString()|Returns a formatte

*java.security.cert.CollectionCertStoreParameters_Description*

Parameters used as input for the CollectionCertStorealgorithm. 

This class is used to provide necessary configuration parameters to 
implementations of the CollectionCertStorealgorithm. The only parameter 
included in this class is theCollectionfrom which theCertStorewill retrieve 
certificates and CRLs. 

Concurrent Access 

Unless otherwise specified, the methods defined in this class are not 
thread-safe. Multiple threads that need to access a single object concurrently 
should synchronize amongst themselves and provide the necessary locking. 
Multiple threads each manipulating separate objects need not synchronize. 



*java.security.cert.CollectionCertStoreParameters()*

public CollectionCertStoreParameters()

Creates an instance ofCollectionCertStoreParameterswith the default parameter 
values (an empty and immutableCollection). 


*java.security.cert.CollectionCertStoreParameters(Collection<?>)*

public CollectionCertStoreParameters(java.util.Collection<?> collection)

Creates an instance ofCollectionCertStoreParameterswhich will allow 
certificates and CRLs to be retrieved from the specifiedCollection. If the 
specifiedCollectioncontains an object that is not aCertificateorCRL, that 
object will be ignored by the CollectionCertStore. 

TheCollectionis not copied. Instead, a reference is used. This allows the 
caller to subsequently add or removeCertificatesorCRLs from theCollection, thus 
changing the set ofCertificatesorCRLs available to the CollectionCertStore. The 
CollectionCertStorewill not modify the contents of theCollection. 

If theCollectionwill be modified by one thread while another thread is calling 
a method of a CollectionCertStorethat has been initialized with thisCollection, 
theCollectionmust have fail-fast iterators. 

    collection - a {@code Collection} of {@code Certificate}s and {@code CRL}s 

*java.security.cert.CollectionCertStoreParameters.clone()*

public |java.lang.Object| clone()

Returns a copy of this object. Note that only a reference to theCollectionis 
copied, and not the contents. 



    Returns: 

*java.security.cert.CollectionCertStoreParameters.getCollection()*

public |java.util.Collection|<?> getCollection()

Returns theCollectionfrom whichCertificates andCRLs are retrieved. This is not 
a copy of theCollection, it is a reference. This allows the caller to 
subsequently add or removeCertificatesorCRLs from theCollection. 



    Returns: the {@code Collection} (never null) 

*java.security.cert.CollectionCertStoreParameters.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a formatted string describing the parameters. 



    Returns: a formatted string describing the parameters 


