*java.security.PKCS12Attribute* *PKCS12Attribute* An attribute associated with a

public final class PKCS12Attribute
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |java.security.KeyStore.Entry.Attribute|

|java.security.PKCS12Attribute_Description|
|java.security.PKCS12Attribute_Fields|
|java.security.PKCS12Attribute_Constructors|
|java.security.PKCS12Attribute_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.security.PKCS12Attribute_Constructors*
|java.security.PKCS12Attribute(byte[])|Constructs a PKCS12 attribute from its A
|java.security.PKCS12Attribute(String,String)|Constructs a PKCS12 attribute fro

*java.security.PKCS12Attribute_Methods*
|java.security.PKCS12Attribute.equals(Object)|Compares thisPKCS12Attributeand a
|java.security.PKCS12Attribute.getEncoded()|Returns the attribute's ASN.1 DER e
|java.security.PKCS12Attribute.getName()|Returns the attribute's ASN.1 Object I
|java.security.PKCS12Attribute.getValue()|Returns the attribute's ASN.1 DER-enc
|java.security.PKCS12Attribute.hashCode()|Returns the hashcode for thisPKCS12At
|java.security.PKCS12Attribute.toString()|Returns a string representation of th

*java.security.PKCS12Attribute_Description*

An attribute associated with a PKCS12 keystore entry. The attribute name is an 
ASN.1 Object Identifier and the attribute value is a set of ASN.1 types. 



*java.security.PKCS12Attribute(byte[])*

public PKCS12Attribute(byte[] encoded)

Constructs a PKCS12 attribute from its ASN.1 DER encoding. The DER encoding is 
specified by the following ASN.1 definition: 

Attribute ::= SEQUENCE { type AttributeType, values SET OF AttributeValue } 
AttributeType ::= OBJECT IDENTIFIER AttributeValue ::= ANY defined by type 



    encoded - the attribute's ASN.1 DER encoding. It is cloned to prevent subsequent 
       modificaion. 

*java.security.PKCS12Attribute(String,String)*

public PKCS12Attribute(
  java.lang.String name,
  java.lang.String value)

Constructs a PKCS12 attribute from its name and value. The name is an ASN.1 
Object Identifier represented as a list of dot-separated integers. A string 
value is represented as the string itself. A binary value is represented as a 
string of colon-separated pairs of hexadecimal digits. Multi-valued attributes 
are represented as a comma-separated list of values, enclosed in square 
brackets. See (|java.util.Arrays|) . 

A string value will be DER-encoded as an ASN.1 UTF8String and a binary value 
will be DER-encoded as an ASN.1 Octet String. 

    name - the attribute's identifier 
    value - the attribute's value 

*java.security.PKCS12Attribute.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Compares thisPKCS12Attributeand a specified object for equality. 


    obj - the comparison object 

    Returns: true if {@code obj} is a {@code PKCS12Attribute} and their DER encodings are 
             equal. 

*java.security.PKCS12Attribute.getEncoded()*

public byte[] getEncoded()

Returns the attribute's ASN.1 DER encoding. 



    Returns: a clone of the attribute's DER encoding 

*java.security.PKCS12Attribute.getName()*

public |java.lang.String| getName()

Returns the attribute's ASN.1 Object Identifier represented as a list of 
dot-separated integers. 



    Returns: the attribute's identifier 

*java.security.PKCS12Attribute.getValue()*

public |java.lang.String| getValue()

Returns the attribute's ASN.1 DER-encoded value as a string. An ASN.1 
DER-encoded value is returned in one of the followingStringformats: 

the DER encoding of a basic ASN.1 type that has a natural string representation 
is returned as the string itself. Such types are currently limited to BOOLEAN, 
INTEGER, OBJECT IDENTIFIER, UTCTime, GeneralizedTime and the following six 
ASN.1 string types: UTF8String, PrintableString, T61String, IA5String, 
BMPString and GeneralString. the DER encoding of any other ASN.1 type is not 
decoded but returned as a binary string of colon-separated pairs of hexadecimal 
digits. 

Multi-valued attributes are represented as a comma-separated list of values, 
enclosed in square brackets. See (|java.util.Arrays|) . 



    Returns: the attribute value's string encoding 

*java.security.PKCS12Attribute.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hashcode for thisPKCS12Attribute. The hash code is computed from 
its DER encoding. 



    Returns: the hash code 

*java.security.PKCS12Attribute.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a string representation of thisPKCS12Attribute. 



    Returns: a name/value pair separated by an 'equals' symbol 


