*java.util.OptionalLong* *OptionalLong* A container object which may or may not 

public final class OptionalLong
  extends    |java.lang.Object|

|java.util.OptionalLong_Description|
|java.util.OptionalLong_Fields|
|java.util.OptionalLong_Constructors|
|java.util.OptionalLong_Methods|

================================================================================

*java.util.OptionalLong_Methods*
|java.util.OptionalLong.empty()|Returns an emptyOptionalLonginstance.
|java.util.OptionalLong.equals(Object)|Indicates whether some other object is "
|java.util.OptionalLong.getAsLong()|If a value is present in thisOptionalLong, 
|java.util.OptionalLong.hashCode()|Returns the hash code value of the present v
|java.util.OptionalLong.ifPresent(LongConsumer)|Have the specified consumer acc
|java.util.OptionalLong.isPresent()|Returntrueif there is a value present, othe
|java.util.OptionalLong.of(long)|Return anOptionalLongwith the specified value 
|java.util.OptionalLong.orElse(long)|Return the value if present, otherwise ret
|java.util.OptionalLong.orElseGet(LongSupplier)|Return the value if present, ot
|java.util.OptionalLong.orElseThrow(Supplier<X>)|Return the contained value, if
|java.util.OptionalLong.toString()|Returns a non-empty string representation of

*java.util.OptionalLong_Description*

A container object which may or may not contain alongvalue. If a value is 
present,isPresent()will returntrueandgetAsLong()will return the value. 

Additional methods that depend on the presence or absence of a contained value 
are provided, such as orElse()(|java.util.OptionalLong|) (return a default 
value if value not present) and ifPresent()(|java.util.OptionalLong|) (execute 
a block of code if the value is present). 

This is a value-based class; use of identity-sensitive operations (including 
reference equality (==), identity hash code, or synchronization) on instances 
ofOptionalLongmay have unpredictable results and should be avoided. 



*java.util.OptionalLong.empty()*

public static |java.util.OptionalLong| empty()

Returns an emptyOptionalLonginstance. No value is present for this 
OptionalLong. 



    Returns: an empty {@code OptionalLong}. 

*java.util.OptionalLong.equals(Object)*

public boolean equals(java.lang.Object obj)

Indicates whether some other object is "equal to" this OptionalLong. The other 
object is considered equal if: 

it is also anOptionalLongand; both instances have no value present or; the 
present values are "equal to" each other via==. 


    obj - an object to be tested for equality 

    Returns: {code true} if the other object is "equal to" this object otherwise {@code 
             false} 

*java.util.OptionalLong.getAsLong()*

public long getAsLong()

If a value is present in thisOptionalLong, returns the value, otherwise 
throwsNoSuchElementException. 



    Returns: the value held by this {@code OptionalLong} 

*java.util.OptionalLong.hashCode()*

public int hashCode()

Returns the hash code value of the present value, if any, or 0 (zero) if no 
value is present. 



    Returns: hash code value of the present value or 0 if no value is present 

*java.util.OptionalLong.ifPresent(LongConsumer)*

public void ifPresent(java.util.function.LongConsumer consumer)

Have the specified consumer accept the value if a value is present, otherwise 
do nothing. 


    consumer - block to be executed if a value is present 

*java.util.OptionalLong.isPresent()*

public boolean isPresent()

Returntrueif there is a value present, otherwisefalse. 



    Returns: {@code true} if there is a value present, otherwise {@code false} 

*java.util.OptionalLong.of(long)*

public static |java.util.OptionalLong| of(long value)

Return anOptionalLongwith the specified value present. 


    value - the value to be present 

    Returns: an {@code OptionalLong} with the value present 

*java.util.OptionalLong.orElse(long)*

public long orElse(long other)

Return the value if present, otherwise returnother. 


    other - the value to be returned if there is no value present 

    Returns: the value, if present, otherwise {@code other} 

*java.util.OptionalLong.orElseGet(LongSupplier)*

public long orElseGet(java.util.function.LongSupplier other)

Return the value if present, otherwise invokeotherand return the result of that 
invocation. 


    other - a {@code LongSupplier} whose result is returned if no value is present 

    Returns: the value if present otherwise the result of {@code other.getAsLong()} 

*java.util.OptionalLong.orElseThrow(Supplier<X>)*

public long orElseThrow(java.util.function.Supplier<X> exceptionSupplier)
  throws |java.lang.Throwable|
         
Return the contained value, if present, otherwise throw an exception to be 
created by the provided supplier. 


    exceptionSupplier - The supplier which will return the exception to be thrown 

    Returns: the present value 

*java.util.OptionalLong.toString()*

public |java.lang.String| toString()

Returns a non-empty string representation of this object suitable for 
debugging. The exact presentation format is unspecified and may vary between 
implementations and versions. 



    Returns: the string representation of this instance 


