*org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub* *_NamingContextStub* A naming context is 

public class _NamingContextStub
  extends    |org.omg.CORBA.portable.ObjectImpl|
  implements |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContext|

|org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub_Description|
|org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub_Fields|
|org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub_Constructors|
|org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub_Constructors*
|org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub()|

*org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub_Methods*
|org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub._ids()|
|org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub.bind_context(NameComponent[],NamingContext)|
|org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub.bind_new_context(NameComponent[])|This op
|org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub.bind(NameComponent[],Object)|Creates a bi
|org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub.destroy()|The destroy operation deletes a
|org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub.list(int,BindingListHolder,BindingIteratorHolder)|
|org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub.new_context()|This operation returns a na
|org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub.rebind_context(NameComponent[],NamingContext)|
|org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub.rebind(NameComponent[],Object)|Creates a 
|org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub.resolve(NameComponent[])|The resolve oper
|org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub.unbind(NameComponent[])|The unbind operat

*org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub_Description*

A naming context is an object that contains a set of name bindings in which 
each name is unique. Different names can be bound to an object in the same or 
different contexts at the same time. 

See CORBA COS Naming Specification. 



*org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub()*

public _NamingContextStub()




*org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub._ids()*

public |java.lang.String|[] _ids()





*org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub.bind_context(NameComponent[],NamingContext)*

public void bind_context(
  org.omg.CosNaming.NameComponent[] n,
  org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContext nc)
  throws |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.AlreadyBound|
         |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.CannotProceed|
         |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.InvalidName|
         |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.NotFound|
         
Names an object that is a naming context. Naming contexts that are bound using 
bind_context() participate in name resolution when compound names are passed to 
be resolved. 


    n - Name of the object 
    nc - NamingContect object to bind with the given name 

*org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub.bind_new_context(NameComponent[])*

public |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContext| bind_new_context(org.omg.CosNaming.NameComponent[] n)
  throws |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.AlreadyBound|
         |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.CannotProceed|
         |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.InvalidName|
         |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.NotFound|
         
This operation creates a new context and binds it to the name supplied as an 
argument. The newly-created context is implemented by the same naming server as 
the context in which it was bound (that is, the naming server that implements 
the context denoted by the name argument excluding the last component). 


    n - Name of the object 

*org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub.bind(NameComponent[],Object)*

public void bind(
  org.omg.CosNaming.NameComponent[] n,
  org.omg.CORBA.Object obj)
  throws |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.AlreadyBound|
         |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.CannotProceed|
         |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.InvalidName|
         |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.NotFound|
         
Creates a binding of a name and an object in the naming context. Naming 
contexts that are bound using bind do not participate in name resolution when 
compound names are passed to be resolved. 


    n - Name of the object 
    obj - The Object to bind with the given name 

*org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub.destroy()*

public void destroy()
  throws |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.NotEmpty|
         
The destroy operation deletes a naming context. If the naming context contains 
bindings, the NotEmpty exception is raised. 



*org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub.list(int,BindingListHolder,BindingIteratorHolder)*

public void list(
  int how_many,
  org.omg.CosNaming.BindingListHolder bl,
  org.omg.CosNaming.BindingIteratorHolder bi)

The list operation allows a client to iterate through a set of bindings in a 
naming context. 

The list operation returns at most the requested number of bindings in 
BindingList bl. 

If the naming context contains additional bindings, the list operation returns 
a BindingIterator with the additional bindings. If the naming context does not 
contain additional bindings, the binding iterator is a nil object reference. 


    how_many - the maximum number of bindings to return 
    bl - the returned list of bindings 
    bi - the returned binding iterator 

*org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub.new_context()*

public |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContext| new_context()

This operation returns a naming context implemented by the same naming server 
as the context on which the operation was invoked. The new context is not bound 
to any name. 



*org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub.rebind_context(NameComponent[],NamingContext)*

public void rebind_context(
  org.omg.CosNaming.NameComponent[] n,
  org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContext nc)
  throws |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.CannotProceed|
         |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.InvalidName|
         |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.NotFound|
         
Creates a binding of a name and a naming context in the naming context even if 
the name is already bound in the context. Naming contexts that are bound using 
rebind_context() participate in name resolution when compound names are passed 
to be resolved. 


    n - Name of the object 
    nc - NamingContect object to rebind with the given name 

*org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub.rebind(NameComponent[],Object)*

public void rebind(
  org.omg.CosNaming.NameComponent[] n,
  org.omg.CORBA.Object obj)
  throws |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.CannotProceed|
         |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.InvalidName|
         |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.NotFound|
         
Creates a binding of a name and an object in the naming context even if the 
name is already bound in the context. Naming contexts that are bound using 
rebind do not participate in name resolution when compound names are passed to 
be resolved. 


    n - Name of the object 
    obj - The Object to rebind with the given name 

*org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub.resolve(NameComponent[])*

public |org.omg.CORBA.Object| resolve(org.omg.CosNaming.NameComponent[] n)
  throws |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.CannotProceed|
         |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.InvalidName|
         |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.NotFound|
         
The resolve operation is the process of retrieving an object bound to a name in 
a given context. The given name must exactly match the bound name. The naming 
service does not return the type of the object. Clients are responsible for 
"narrowing" the object to the appropriate type. That is, clients typically cast 
the returned object from Object to a more specialized interface. 


    n - Name of the object 

*org.omg.CosNaming._NamingContextStub.unbind(NameComponent[])*

public void unbind(org.omg.CosNaming.NameComponent[] n)
  throws |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.CannotProceed|
         |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.InvalidName|
         |org.omg.CosNaming.NamingContextPackage.NotFound|
         
The unbind operation removes a name binding from a context. 


    n - Name of the object 


