*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations* *DynAnyOperations* Any values can be dynam

public interface interface DynAnyOperations


|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations_Description|
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations_Fields|
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations_Constructors|
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations_Methods*
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.assign(DynAny)|Initializes the value assoc
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.component_count()|Returns the number of co
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.copy()|Creates a new DynAny object whose v
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.current_component()|Returns the DynAny for
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.destroy()|Destroys a DynAny object.
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.equal(DynAny)|Compares two DynAny values f
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.from_any(Any)|Initializes the value associ
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_any()|Extracts an Any value contained 
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_boolean()|Extracts the boolean value f
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_char()|Extracts the char value from th
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_double()|Extracts the double value fro
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_dyn_any()|Extracts the Any value conta
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_float()|Extracts the float value from 
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_long()|Extracts the integer value from
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_longlong()|Extracts the long value fro
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_octet()|Extracts the byte value from t
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_reference()|Extracts the reference to 
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_short()|Extracts the short value from 
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_string()|Extracts the string value fro
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_typecode()|Extracts the TypeCode objec
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_ulong()|Extracts the integer value fro
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_ulonglong()|Extracts the long value fr
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_ushort()|Extracts the short value from
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_val()|Extracts a Serializable object f
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_wchar()|Extracts the long value from t
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_wstring()|Extracts the string value fr
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_any(Any)|Inserts an Any value into 
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_boolean(boolean)|Inserts a boolean 
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_char(char)|Inserts a char value int
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_double(double)|Inserts a double val
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_dyn_any(DynAny)|Inserts the Any val
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_float(float)|Inserts a float value 
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_long(int)|Inserts an integer value 
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_longlong(long)|Inserts a long value
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_octet(byte)|Inserts a byte value in
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_reference(Object)|Inserts a referen
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_short(short)|Inserts a short value 
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_string(String)|Inserts a string val
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_typecode(TypeCode)|Inserts a TypeCo
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_ulong(int)|Inserts an integer value
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_ulonglong(long)|Inserts a long valu
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_ushort(short)|Inserts a short value
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_val(Serializable)|Inserts a referen
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_wchar(char)|Inserts a char value in
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_wstring(String)|Inserts a string va
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.next()|Advances the current position to th
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.rewind()|Is equivalent to seek(0).
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.seek(int)|Sets the current position to ind
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.to_any()|Creates an any value from a DynAn
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.type()|Returns the TypeCode associated wit

*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations_Description*

Any values can be dynamically interpreted (traversed) and constructed through 
DynAny objects. A DynAny object is associated with a data value which 
corresponds to a copy of the value inserted into an any. A DynAny object may be 
viewed as an ordered collection of component DynAnys. For DynAnys representing 
a basic type, such as long, or a type without components, such as an empty 
exception, the ordered collection of components is empty. Each DynAny object 
maintains the notion of a current position into its collection of component 
DynAnys. The current position is identified by an index value that runs from 0 
to n-1, where n is the number of components. The special index value -1 
indicates a current position that points nowhere. For values that cannot have a 
current position (such as an empty exception), the index value is fixed at -1. 
If a DynAny is initialized with a value that has components, the index is 
initialized to 0. After creation of an uninitialized DynAny (that is, a DynAny 
that has no value but a TypeCode that permits components), the current position 
depends on the type of value represented by the DynAny. (The current position 
is set to 0 or -1, depending on whether the new DynAny gets default values for 
its components.) The iteration operations rewind, seek, and next can be used to 
change the current position and the current_component operation returns the 
component at the current position. The component_count operation returns the 
number of components of a DynAny. Collectively, these operations enable 
iteration over the components of a DynAny, for example, to (recursively) 
examine its contents. A constructed DynAny object is a DynAny object associated 
with a constructed type. There is a different interface, inheriting from the 
DynAny interface, associated with each kind of constructed type in IDL (fixed, 
enum, struct, sequence, union, array, exception, and value type). A constructed 
DynAny object exports operations that enable the creation of new DynAny 
objects, each of them associated with a component of the constructed data 
value. As an example, a DynStruct is associated with a struct value. This means 
that the DynStruct may be seen as owning an ordered collection of components, 
one for each structure member. The DynStruct object exports operations that 
enable the creation of new DynAny objects, each of them associated with a 
member of the struct. If a DynAny object has been obtained from another 
(constructed) DynAny object, such as a DynAny representing a structure member 
that was created from a DynStruct, the member DynAny is logically contained in 
the DynStruct. Calling an insert or get operation leaves the current position 
unchanged. Destroying a top-level DynAny object (one that was not obtained as a 
component of another DynAny) also destroys any component DynAny objects 
obtained from it. Destroying a non-top level DynAny object does nothing. 
Invoking operations on a destroyed top-level DynAny or any of its descendants 
raises OBJECT_NOT_EXIST. If the programmer wants to destroy a DynAny object but 
still wants to manipulate some component of the data value associated with it, 
then he or she should first create a DynAny for the component and, after that, 
make a copy of the created DynAny object. The behavior of DynAny objects has 
been defined in order to enable efficient implementations in terms of allocated 
memory space and speed of access. DynAny objects are intended to be used for 
traversing values extracted from anys or constructing values of anys at 
runtime. Their use for other purposes is not recommended. Insert and get 
operations are necessary to handle basic DynAny objects but are also helpful to 
handle constructed DynAny objects. Inserting a basic data type value into a 
constructed DynAny object implies initializing the current component of the 
constructed data value associated with the DynAny object. For example, invoking 
insert_boolean on a DynStruct implies inserting a boolean data value at the 
current position of the associated struct data value. A type is consistent for 
inserting or extracting a value if its TypeCode is equivalent to the TypeCode 
contained in the DynAny or, if the DynAny has components, is equivalent to the 
TypeCode of the DynAny at the current position. DynAny and DynAnyFactory 
objects are intended to be local to the process in which they are created and 
used. This means that references to DynAny and DynAnyFactory objects cannot be 
exported to other processes, or externalized with ORB.object_to_string(). If 
any attempt is made to do so, the offending operation will raise a MARSHAL 
system exception. Since their interfaces are specified in IDL, DynAny objects 
export operations defined in the standard org.omg.CORBA.Object interface. 
However, any attempt to invoke operations exported through the Object interface 
may raise the standard NO_IMPLEMENT exception. An attempt to use a DynAny 
object with the DII may raise the NO_IMPLEMENT exception. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.assign(DynAny)*

public void assign(org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAny dyn_any)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Initializes the value associated with a DynAny object with the value associated 
with another DynAny object. The current position of the target DynAny is set to 
zero for values that have components and to -1 for values that do not have 
components. 


    dyn_any - 

*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.component_count()*

public int component_count()

Returns the number of components of a DynAny. For a DynAny without components, 
it returns zero. The operation only counts the components at the top level. For 
example, if component_count is invoked on a DynStruct with a single member, the 
return value is 1, irrespective of the type of the member. 

For sequences, the operation returns the current number of elements. For 
structures, exceptions, and value types, the operation returns the number of 
members. For arrays, the operation returns the number of elements. For unions, 
the operation returns 2 if the discriminator indicates that a named member is 
active, otherwise, it returns 1. For DynFixed and DynEnum, the operation 
returns zero. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.copy()*

public |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAny| copy()

Creates a new DynAny object whose value is a deep copy of the DynAny on which 
it is invoked. The operation is polymorphic, that is, invoking it on one of the 
types derived from DynAny, such as DynStruct, creates the derived type but 
returns its reference as the DynAny base type. 



    Returns: a deep copy of the DynAny object 

*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.current_component()*

public |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAny| current_component()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Returns the DynAny for the component at the current position. It does not 
advance the current position, so repeated calls to current_component without an 
intervening call to rewind, next, or seek return the same component. The 
returned DynAny object reference can be used to get/set the value of the 
current component. If the current component represents a complex type, the 
returned reference can be narrowed based on the TypeCode to get the interface 
corresponding to the to the complex type. Calling current_component on a DynAny 
that cannot have components, such as a DynEnum or an empty exception, raises 
TypeMismatch. Calling current_component on a DynAny whose current position is 
-1 returns a nil reference. The iteration operations, together with 
current_component, can be used to dynamically compose an any value. After 
creating a dynamic any, such as a DynStruct, current_component and next can be 
used to initialize all the components of the value. Once the dynamic value is 
completely initialized, to_any creates the corresponding any value. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.destroy()*

public void destroy()

Destroys a DynAny object. This operation frees any resources used to represent 
the data value associated with a DynAny object. It must be invoked on 
references obtained from one of the creation operations on the ORB interface or 
on a reference returned by DynAny.copy() to avoid resource leaks. Invoking 
destroy on component DynAny objects (for example, on objects returned by the 
current_component operation) does nothing. Destruction of a DynAny object 
implies destruction of all DynAny objects obtained from it. That is, references 
to components of a destroyed DynAny become invalid. Invocations on such 
references raise OBJECT_NOT_EXIST. It is possible to manipulate a component of 
a DynAny beyond the life time of the DynAny from which the component was 
obtained by making a copy of the component with the copy operation before 
destroying the DynAny from which the component was obtained. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.equal(DynAny)*

public boolean equal(org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAny dyn_any)

Compares two DynAny values for equality. Two DynAny values are equal if their 
TypeCodes are equivalent and, recursively, all component DynAnys have equal 
values. The current position of the two DynAnys being compared has no effect on 
the result of equal. 



    Returns: true of the DynAnys are equal, false otherwise 

*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.from_any(Any)*

public void from_any(org.omg.CORBA.Any value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Initializes the value associated with a DynAny object with the value contained 
in an any. The current position of the target DynAny is set to zero for values 
that have components and to -1 for values that do not have components. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_any()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.Any| get_any()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts an Any value contained in the Any represented by this DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_boolean()*

public boolean get_boolean()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the boolean value from this DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_char()*

public char get_char()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the char value from this DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_double()*

public double get_double()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the double value from this DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_dyn_any()*

public |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAny| get_dyn_any()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the Any value contained in the Any represented by this DynAny and 
returns it wrapped into a new DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_float()*

public float get_float()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the float value from this DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_long()*

public int get_long()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the integer value from this DynAny. The IDL long data type is mapped 
to the Java int data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_longlong()*

public long get_longlong()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the long value from this DynAny. The IDL long long data type is mapped 
to the Java long data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_octet()*

public byte get_octet()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the byte value from this DynAny. The IDL octet data type is mapped to 
the Java byte data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_reference()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.Object| get_reference()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the reference to a CORBA Object from this DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_short()*

public short get_short()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the short value from this DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_string()*

public |java.lang.String| get_string()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the string value from this DynAny. Both bounded and unbounded strings 
are extracted using this method. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_typecode()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.TypeCode| get_typecode()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the TypeCode object from this DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_ulong()*

public int get_ulong()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the integer value from this DynAny. The IDL ulong data type is mapped 
to the Java int data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_ulonglong()*

public long get_ulonglong()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the long value from this DynAny. The IDL unsigned long long data type 
is mapped to the Java long data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_ushort()*

public short get_ushort()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the short value from this DynAny. The IDL ushort data type is mapped 
to the Java short data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_val()*

public |java.io.Serializable| get_val()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts a Serializable object from this DynAny. The IDL ValueBase type is 
mapped to the Java Serializable type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_wchar()*

public char get_wchar()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the long value from this DynAny. The IDL wchar data type is mapped to 
the Java char data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.get_wstring()*

public |java.lang.String| get_wstring()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the string value from this DynAny. Both bounded and unbounded strings 
are extracted using this method. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_any(Any)*

public void insert_any(org.omg.CORBA.Any value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts an Any value into the Any represented by this DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_boolean(boolean)*

public void insert_boolean(boolean value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a boolean value into the DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_char(char)*

public void insert_char(char value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a char value into the DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_double(double)*

public void insert_double(double value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a double value into the DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_dyn_any(DynAny)*

public void insert_dyn_any(org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAny value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts the Any value contained in the parameter DynAny into the Any 
represented by this DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_float(float)*

public void insert_float(float value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a float value into the DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_long(int)*

public void insert_long(int value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts an integer value into the DynAny. The IDL long data type is mapped to 
the Java int data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_longlong(long)*

public void insert_longlong(long value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a long value into the DynAny. The IDL long long data type is mapped to 
the Java long data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_octet(byte)*

public void insert_octet(byte value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a byte value into the DynAny. The IDL octet data type is mapped to the 
Java byte data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_reference(Object)*

public void insert_reference(org.omg.CORBA.Object value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a reference to a CORBA object into the DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_short(short)*

public void insert_short(short value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a short value into the DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_string(String)*

public void insert_string(java.lang.String value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a string value into the DynAny. Both bounded and unbounded strings are 
inserted using this method. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_typecode(TypeCode)*

public void insert_typecode(org.omg.CORBA.TypeCode value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a TypeCode object into the DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_ulong(int)*

public void insert_ulong(int value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts an integer value into the DynAny. The IDL ulong data type is mapped to 
the Java int data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_ulonglong(long)*

public void insert_ulonglong(long value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a long value into the DynAny. The IDL unsigned long long data type is 
mapped to the Java long data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_ushort(short)*

public void insert_ushort(short value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a short value into the DynAny. The IDL ushort data type is mapped to 
the Java short data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_val(Serializable)*

public void insert_val(java.io.Serializable value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a reference to a Serializable object into this DynAny. The IDL 
ValueBase type is mapped to the Java Serializable type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_wchar(char)*

public void insert_wchar(char value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a char value into the DynAny. The IDL wchar data type is mapped to the 
Java char data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.insert_wstring(String)*

public void insert_wstring(java.lang.String value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a string value into the DynAny. Both bounded and unbounded strings are 
inserted using this method. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.next()*

public boolean next()

Advances the current position to the next component. The operation returns true 
while the resulting current position indicates a component, false otherwise. A 
false return value leaves the current position at -1. Invoking next on a DynAny 
without components leaves the current position at -1 and returns false. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.rewind()*

public void rewind()

Is equivalent to seek(0). 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.seek(int)*

public boolean seek(int index)

Sets the current position to index. The current position is indexed 0 to n-1, 
that is, index zero corresponds to the first component. The operation returns 
true if the resulting current position indicates a component of the DynAny and 
false if index indicates a position that does not correspond to a component. 
Calling seek with a negative index is legal. It sets the current position to -1 
to indicate no component and returns false. Passing a non-negative index value 
for a DynAny that does not have a component at the corresponding position sets 
the current position to -1 and returns false. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.to_any()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.Any| to_any()

Creates an any value from a DynAny object. A copy of the TypeCode associated 
with the DynAny object is assigned to the resulting any. The value associated 
with the DynAny object is copied into the any. 



    Returns: a new Any object with the same value and TypeCode 

*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations.type()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.TypeCode| type()

Returns the TypeCode associated with this DynAny object. A DynAny object is 
created with a TypeCode value assigned to it. This TypeCode value determines 
the type of the value handled through the DynAny object. Note that the TypeCode 
associated with a DynAny object is initialized at the time the DynAny is 
created and cannot be changed during lifetime of the DynAny object. 



    Returns: The TypeCode associated with this DynAny object 


