*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult* *XPathResult* The XPathResult interface represen

public interface interface XPathResult


|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult_Description|
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult_Fields|
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult_Constructors|
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult_Fields*
|short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.ANY_TYPE|
|short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.ANY_UNORDERED_NODE_TYPE|
|short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.BOOLEAN_TYPE|
|short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.FIRST_ORDERED_NODE_TYPE|
|short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.NUMBER_TYPE|
|short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.ORDERED_NODE_ITERATOR_TYPE|
|short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.ORDERED_NODE_SNAPSHOT_TYPE|
|short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.STRING_TYPE|
|short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.UNORDERED_NODE_ITERATOR_TYPE|
|short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.UNORDERED_NODE_SNAPSHOT_TYPE|

*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult_Methods*
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.getBooleanValue()|The value of this boolean resu
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.getInvalidIteratorState()|Signifies that the ite
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.getNumberValue()|The value of this number result
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.getResultType()|A code representing the type of 
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.getSingleNodeValue()|The value of this single no
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.getSnapshotLength()|The number of nodes in the r
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.getStringValue()|The value of this string result
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.iterateNext()|Iterates and returns the next node
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.snapshotItem(int)|Returns the indexth item in th

*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult_Description*

The XPathResult interface represents the result of the evaluation of an XPath 
1.0 expression within the context of a particular node. Since evaluation of an 
XPath expression can result in various result types, this object makes it 
possible to discover and manipulate the type and value of the result. See also 
the Document Object Model (DOM) Level 3 XPath Specification. 



*short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.ANY_TYPE*

This code does not represent a specific type. An evaluation of an XPath 
expression will never produce this type. If this type is requested, then the 
evaluation returns whatever type naturally results from evaluation of the 
expression. If the natural result is a node set when ANY_TYPE was requested, 
then UNORDERED_NODE_ITERATOR_TYPE is always the resulting type. Any other 
representation of a node set must be explicitly requested. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.ANY_UNORDERED_NODE_TYPE*

The result is a node set as defined by and will be accessed as a single node, 
which may be nullif the node set is empty. Document modification does not 
invalidate the node, but may mean that the result node no longer corresponds to 
the current document. This is a convenience that permits optimization since the 
implementation can stop once any node in the in the resulting set has been 
found. If there are more than one node in the actual result, the single node 
returned might not be the first in document order. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.BOOLEAN_TYPE*

The result is a boolean as defined by . Document modification does not 
invalidate the boolean, but may mean that reevaluation would not yield the same 
boolean. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.FIRST_ORDERED_NODE_TYPE*

The result is a node set as defined by and will be accessed as a single node, 
which may be null if the node set is empty. Document modification does not 
invalidate the node, but may mean that the result node no longer corresponds to 
the current document. This is a convenience that permits optimization since the 
implementation can stop once the first node in document order of the resulting 
set has been found. If there are more than one node in the actual result, the 
single node returned will be the first in document order. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.NUMBER_TYPE*

The result is a number as defined by . Document modification does not 
invalidate the number, but may mean that reevaluation would not yield the same 
number. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.ORDERED_NODE_ITERATOR_TYPE*

The result is a node set as defined by that will be accessed iteratively, which 
will produce document-ordered nodes. Document modification invalidates the 
iteration. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.ORDERED_NODE_SNAPSHOT_TYPE*

The result is a node set as defined by that will be accessed as a snapshot list 
of nodes that will be in original document order. Document modification does 
not invalidate the snapshot but may mean that reevaluation would not yield the 
same snapshot and nodes in the snapshot may have been altered, moved, or 
removed from the document. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.STRING_TYPE*

The result is a string as defined by . Document modification does not 
invalidate the string, but may mean that the string no longer corresponds to 
the current document. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.UNORDERED_NODE_ITERATOR_TYPE*

The result is a node set as defined by that will be accessed iteratively, which 
may not produce nodes in a particular order. Document modification invalidates 
the iteration. This is the default type returned if the result is a node set 
and ANY_TYPE is requested. 


*short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.UNORDERED_NODE_SNAPSHOT_TYPE*

The result is a node set as defined by that will be accessed as a snapshot list 
of nodes that may not be in a particular order. Document modification does not 
invalidate the snapshot but may mean that reevaluation would not yield the same 
snapshot and nodes in the snapshot may have been altered, moved, or removed 
from the document. 



*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.getBooleanValue()*

public boolean getBooleanValue()
  throws |org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathException|
         
The value of this boolean result. 



*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.getInvalidIteratorState()*

public boolean getInvalidIteratorState()

Signifies that the iterator has become invalid. True if resultType is 
UNORDERED_NODE_ITERATOR_TYPE or ORDERED_NODE_ITERATOR_TYPE and the document has 
been modified since this result was returned. 



*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.getNumberValue()*

public double getNumberValue()
  throws |org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathException|
         
The value of this number result. If the native double type of the DOM binding 
does not directly support the exact IEEE 754 result of the XPath expression, 
then it is up to the definition of the binding binding to specify how the XPath 
number is converted to the native binding number. 



*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.getResultType()*

public short getResultType()

A code representing the type of this result, as defined by the type constants. 



*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.getSingleNodeValue()*

public |org.w3c.dom.Node| getSingleNodeValue()
  throws |org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathException|
         
The value of this single node result, which may be null. 



*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.getSnapshotLength()*

public int getSnapshotLength()
  throws |org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathException|
         
The number of nodes in the result snapshot. Valid values for snapshotItem 
indices are 0 to snapshotLength-1 inclusive. 



*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.getStringValue()*

public |java.lang.String| getStringValue()
  throws |org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathException|
         
The value of this string result. 



*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.iterateNext()*

public |org.w3c.dom.Node| iterateNext()
  throws |org.w3c.dom.DOMException|
         |org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathException|
         
Iterates and returns the next node from the node set or nullif there are no 
more nodes. 



    Returns: Returns the next node. 

*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathResult.snapshotItem(int)*

public |org.w3c.dom.Node| snapshotItem(int index)
  throws |org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathException|
         
Returns the indexth item in the snapshot collection. If index is greater than 
or equal to the number of nodes in the list, this method returns null. Unlike 
the iterator result, the snapshot does not become invalid, but may not 
correspond to the current document if it is mutated. 


    index - Index into the snapshot collection. 

    Returns: The node at the indexth position in the NodeList, or null if that is not a 
             valid index. 


