*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations* *DynUnionOperations* DynUnion objects su

public interface interface DynUnionOperations

  implements |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations|

|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations_Description|
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations_Fields|
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations_Constructors|
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations_Methods*
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations.discriminator_kind()|Returns the TCKind 
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations.get_discriminator()|Returns the current 
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations.has_no_active_member()|Returns true if t
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations.member_kind()|Returns the TCKind value o
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations.member_name()|Returns the name of the cu
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations.member()|Returns the currently active me
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations.set_discriminator(DynAny)|Sets the discr
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations.set_to_default_member()|Sets the discrim
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations.set_to_no_active_member()|Sets the discr

*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations_Description*

DynUnion objects support the manipulation of IDL unions. A union can have only 
two valid current positions: 

zero, which denotes the discriminator one, which denotes the active member 

The component_count value for a union depends on the current discriminator: it 
is 2 for a union whose discriminator indicates a named member, and 1 otherwise. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations.discriminator_kind()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.TCKind| discriminator_kind()

Returns the TCKind value of the discriminators TypeCode. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations.get_discriminator()*

public |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAny| get_discriminator()

Returns the current discriminator value. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations.has_no_active_member()*

public boolean has_no_active_member()

Returns true if the union has no active member, that is, the unions value 
consists solely of its discriminator because the discriminator has a value that 
is not listed as an explicit case label. Calling this operation on a union that 
has a default case returns false. Calling this operation on a union that uses 
the entire range of discriminator values for explicit case labels returns 
false. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations.member_kind()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.TCKind| member_kind()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Returns the TCKind value of the currently active members TypeCode. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations.member_name()*

public |java.lang.String| member_name()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Returns the name of the currently active member. If the unions TypeCode does 
not contain a member name for the currently active member, the operation 
returns an empty string. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations.member()*

public |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAny| member()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Returns the currently active member. Note that the returned reference remains 
valid only for as long as the currently active member does not change. Using 
the returned reference beyond the life time of the currently active member 
raises OBJECT_NOT_EXIST. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations.set_discriminator(DynAny)*

public void set_discriminator(org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAny d)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Sets the discriminator of the DynUnion to the specified value. Setting the 
discriminator to a value that is consistent with the currently active union 
member does not affect the currently active member. Setting the discriminator 
to a value that is inconsistent with the currently active member deactivates 
the member and activates the member that is consistent with the new 
discriminator value (if there is a member for that value) by initializing the 
member to its default value. Setting the discriminator of a union sets the 
current position to 0 if the discriminator value indicates a non-existent union 
member (has_no_active_member returns true in this case). Otherwise, if the 
discriminator value indicates a named union member, the current position is set 
to 1 (has_no_active_member returns false and component_count returns 2 in this 
case). 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations.set_to_default_member()*

public void set_to_default_member()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Sets the discriminator to a value that is consistent with the value of the 
default case of a union. It sets the current position to zero and causes 
component_count to return 2. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynUnionOperations.set_to_no_active_member()*

public void set_to_no_active_member()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Sets the discriminator to a value that does not correspond to any of the unions 
case labels. It sets the current position to zero and causes component_count to 
return 1. 




