*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub* *_DynValueStub* DynValue objects support the 

public class _DynValueStub
  extends    |org.omg.CORBA.portable.ObjectImpl|
  implements |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynValue|

|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub_Description|
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub_Fields|
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub_Constructors|
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub_Fields*
|java.lang.Class_org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub._opsClass|

*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub_Constructors*
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub()|

*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub_Methods*
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub._ids()|
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.assign(DynAny)|Initializes the value associat
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.component_count()|Returns the number of compo
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.copy()|Creates a new DynAny object whose valu
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.current_component()|Returns the DynAny for th
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.current_member_kind()|Returns the TCKind asso
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.current_member_name()|Returns the name of the
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.destroy()|Destroys a DynAny object.
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.equal(DynAny)|Compares two DynAny values for 
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.from_any(Any)|Initializes the value associate
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_any()|Extracts an Any value contained in 
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_boolean()|Extracts the boolean value from
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_char()|Extracts the char value from this 
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_double()|Extracts the double value from t
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_dyn_any()|Extracts the Any value containe
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_float()|Extracts the float value from thi
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_long()|Extracts the integer value from th
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_longlong()|Extracts the long value from t
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_members_as_dyn_any()|Returns a sequence o
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_members()|Returns a sequence of NameValue
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_octet()|Extracts the byte value from this
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_reference()|Extracts the reference to a C
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_short()|Extracts the short value from thi
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_string()|Extracts the string value from t
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_typecode()|Extracts the TypeCode object f
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_ulong()|Extracts the integer value from t
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_ulonglong()|Extracts the long value from 
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_ushort()|Extracts the short value from th
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_val()|Extracts a Serializable object from
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_wchar()|Extracts the long value from this
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_wstring()|Extracts the string value from 
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_any(Any)|Inserts an Any value into the
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_boolean(boolean)|Inserts a boolean val
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_char(char)|Inserts a char value into t
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_double(double)|Inserts a double value 
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_dyn_any(DynAny)|Inserts the Any value 
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_float(float)|Inserts a float value int
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_long(int)|Inserts an integer value int
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_longlong(long)|Inserts a long value in
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_octet(byte)|Inserts a byte value into 
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_reference(Object)|Inserts a reference 
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_short(short)|Inserts a short value int
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_string(String)|Inserts a string value 
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_typecode(TypeCode)|Inserts a TypeCode 
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_ulong(int)|Inserts an integer value in
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_ulonglong(long)|Inserts a long value i
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_ushort(short)|Inserts a short value in
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_val(Serializable)|Inserts a reference 
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_wchar(char)|Inserts a char value into 
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_wstring(String)|Inserts a string value
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.is_null()|Returns true if the DynValueCommon 
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.next()|Advances the current position to the n
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.rewind()|Is equivalent to seek(0).
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.seek(int)|Sets the current position to index.
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.set_members_as_dyn_any(NameDynAnyPair[])|Init
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.set_members(NameValuePair[])|Initializes the 
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.set_to_null()|Changes the representation of a
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.set_to_value()|Replaces a null value type wit
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.to_any()|Creates an any value from a DynAny o
|org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.type()|Returns the TypeCode associated with t

*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub_Description*

DynValue objects support the manipulation of IDL non-boxed value types. The 
DynValue interface can represent both null and non-null value types. For a 
DynValue representing a non-null value type, the DynValue's components comprise 
the public and private members of the value type, including those inherited 
from concrete base value types, in the order of definition. A DynValue 
representing a null value type has no components and a current position of -1. 
Warning: Indiscriminantly changing the contents of private value type members 
can cause the value type implementation to break by violating internal 
constraints. Access to private members is provided to support such activities 
as ORB bridging and debugging and should not be used to arbitrarily violate the 
encapsulation of the value type. 



*java.lang.Class_org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub._opsClass*





*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub()*

public _DynValueStub()




*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub._ids()*

public |java.lang.String|[] _ids()





*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.assign(DynAny)*

public void assign(org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAny dyn_any)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Initializes the value associated with a DynAny object with the value associated 
with another DynAny object. The current position of the target DynAny is set to 
zero for values that have components and to -1 for values that do not have 
components. 


    dyn_any - 

*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.component_count()*

public int component_count()

Returns the number of components of a DynAny. For a DynAny without components, 
it returns zero. The operation only counts the components at the top level. For 
example, if component_count is invoked on a DynStruct with a single member, the 
return value is 1, irrespective of the type of the member. 

For sequences, the operation returns the current number of elements. For 
structures, exceptions, and value types, the operation returns the number of 
members. For arrays, the operation returns the number of elements. For unions, 
the operation returns 2 if the discriminator indicates that a named member is 
active, otherwise, it returns 1. For DynFixed and DynEnum, the operation 
returns zero. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.copy()*

public |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAny| copy()

Creates a new DynAny object whose value is a deep copy of the DynAny on which 
it is invoked. The operation is polymorphic, that is, invoking it on one of the 
types derived from DynAny, such as DynStruct, creates the derived type but 
returns its reference as the DynAny base type. 



    Returns: a deep copy of the DynAny object 

*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.current_component()*

public |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAny| current_component()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Returns the DynAny for the component at the current position. It does not 
advance the current position, so repeated calls to current_component without an 
intervening call to rewind, next, or seek return the same component. The 
returned DynAny object reference can be used to get/set the value of the 
current component. If the current component represents a complex type, the 
returned reference can be narrowed based on the TypeCode to get the interface 
corresponding to the to the complex type. Calling current_component on a DynAny 
that cannot have components, such as a DynEnum or an empty exception, raises 
TypeMismatch. Calling current_component on a DynAny whose current position is 
-1 returns a nil reference. The iteration operations, together with 
current_component, can be used to dynamically compose an any value. After 
creating a dynamic any, such as a DynStruct, current_component and next can be 
used to initialize all the components of the value. Once the dynamic value is 
completely initialized, to_any creates the corresponding any value. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.current_member_kind()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.TCKind| current_member_kind()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Returns the TCKind associated with the member at the current position. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.current_member_name()*

public |java.lang.String| current_member_name()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Returns the name of the member at the current position. This operation may 
return an empty string since the TypeCode of the value being manipulated may 
not contain the names of members. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.destroy()*

public void destroy()

Destroys a DynAny object. This operation frees any resources used to represent 
the data value associated with a DynAny object. It must be invoked on 
references obtained from one of the creation operations on the ORB interface or 
on a reference returned by DynAny.copy() to avoid resource leaks. Invoking 
destroy on component DynAny objects (for example, on objects returned by the 
current_component operation) does nothing. Destruction of a DynAny object 
implies destruction of all DynAny objects obtained from it. That is, references 
to components of a destroyed DynAny become invalid. Invocations on such 
references raise OBJECT_NOT_EXIST. It is possible to manipulate a component of 
a DynAny beyond the life time of the DynAny from which the component was 
obtained by making a copy of the component with the copy operation before 
destroying the DynAny from which the component was obtained. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.equal(DynAny)*

public boolean equal(org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAny dyn_any)

Compares two DynAny values for equality. Two DynAny values are equal if their 
TypeCodes are equivalent and, recursively, all component DynAnys have equal 
values. The current position of the two DynAnys being compared has no effect on 
the result of equal. 



    Returns: true of the DynAnys are equal, false otherwise 

*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.from_any(Any)*

public void from_any(org.omg.CORBA.Any value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Initializes the value associated with a DynAny object with the value contained 
in an any. The current position of the target DynAny is set to zero for values 
that have components and to -1 for values that do not have components. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_any()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.Any| get_any()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts an Any value contained in the Any represented by this DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_boolean()*

public boolean get_boolean()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the boolean value from this DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_char()*

public char get_char()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the char value from this DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_double()*

public double get_double()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the double value from this DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_dyn_any()*

public |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAny| get_dyn_any()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the Any value contained in the Any represented by this DynAny and 
returns it wrapped into a new DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_float()*

public float get_float()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the float value from this DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_long()*

public int get_long()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the integer value from this DynAny. The IDL long data type is mapped 
to the Java int data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_longlong()*

public long get_longlong()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the long value from this DynAny. The IDL long long data type is mapped 
to the Java long data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_members_as_dyn_any()*

public |org.omg.DynamicAny.NameDynAnyPair|[] get_members_as_dyn_any()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Returns a sequence of NameDynAnyPairs describing the name and the value of each 
member in the value type. The sequence contains members in the same order as 
the declaration order of members as indicated by the DynValue's TypeCode. The 
current position is not affected. The member names in the returned sequence 
will be empty strings if the DynValue's TypeCode does not contain member names. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_members()*

public |org.omg.DynamicAny.NameValuePair|[] get_members()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Returns a sequence of NameValuePairs describing the name and the value of each 
member in the value type. The sequence contains members in the same order as 
the declaration order of members as indicated by the DynValue's TypeCode. The 
current position is not affected. The member names in the returned sequence 
will be empty strings if the DynValue's TypeCode does not contain member names. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_octet()*

public byte get_octet()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the byte value from this DynAny. The IDL octet data type is mapped to 
the Java byte data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_reference()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.Object| get_reference()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the reference to a CORBA Object from this DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_short()*

public short get_short()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the short value from this DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_string()*

public |java.lang.String| get_string()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the string value from this DynAny. Both bounded and unbounded strings 
are extracted using this method. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_typecode()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.TypeCode| get_typecode()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the TypeCode object from this DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_ulong()*

public int get_ulong()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the integer value from this DynAny. The IDL ulong data type is mapped 
to the Java int data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_ulonglong()*

public long get_ulonglong()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the long value from this DynAny. The IDL unsigned long long data type 
is mapped to the Java long data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_ushort()*

public short get_ushort()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the short value from this DynAny. The IDL ushort data type is mapped 
to the Java short data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_val()*

public |java.io.Serializable| get_val()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts a Serializable object from this DynAny. The IDL ValueBase type is 
mapped to the Java Serializable type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_wchar()*

public char get_wchar()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the long value from this DynAny. The IDL wchar data type is mapped to 
the Java char data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.get_wstring()*

public |java.lang.String| get_wstring()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Extracts the string value from this DynAny. Both bounded and unbounded strings 
are extracted using this method. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_any(Any)*

public void insert_any(org.omg.CORBA.Any value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts an Any value into the Any represented by this DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_boolean(boolean)*

public void insert_boolean(boolean value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a boolean value into the DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_char(char)*

public void insert_char(char value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a char value into the DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_double(double)*

public void insert_double(double value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a double value into the DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_dyn_any(DynAny)*

public void insert_dyn_any(org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAny value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts the Any value contained in the parameter DynAny into the Any 
represented by this DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_float(float)*

public void insert_float(float value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a float value into the DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_long(int)*

public void insert_long(int value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts an integer value into the DynAny. The IDL long data type is mapped to 
the Java int data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_longlong(long)*

public void insert_longlong(long value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a long value into the DynAny. The IDL long long data type is mapped to 
the Java long data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_octet(byte)*

public void insert_octet(byte value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a byte value into the DynAny. The IDL octet data type is mapped to the 
Java byte data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_reference(Object)*

public void insert_reference(org.omg.CORBA.Object value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a reference to a CORBA object into the DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_short(short)*

public void insert_short(short value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a short value into the DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_string(String)*

public void insert_string(java.lang.String value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a string value into the DynAny. Both bounded and unbounded strings are 
inserted using this method. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_typecode(TypeCode)*

public void insert_typecode(org.omg.CORBA.TypeCode value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a TypeCode object into the DynAny. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_ulong(int)*

public void insert_ulong(int value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts an integer value into the DynAny. The IDL ulong data type is mapped to 
the Java int data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_ulonglong(long)*

public void insert_ulonglong(long value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a long value into the DynAny. The IDL unsigned long long data type is 
mapped to the Java long data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_ushort(short)*

public void insert_ushort(short value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a short value into the DynAny. The IDL ushort data type is mapped to 
the Java short data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_val(Serializable)*

public void insert_val(java.io.Serializable value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a reference to a Serializable object into this DynAny. The IDL 
ValueBase type is mapped to the Java Serializable type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_wchar(char)*

public void insert_wchar(char value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a char value into the DynAny. The IDL wchar data type is mapped to the 
Java char data type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.insert_wstring(String)*

public void insert_wstring(java.lang.String value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Inserts a string value into the DynAny. Both bounded and unbounded strings are 
inserted using this method. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.is_null()*

public boolean is_null()

Returns true if the DynValueCommon represents a null value type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.next()*

public boolean next()

Advances the current position to the next component. The operation returns true 
while the resulting current position indicates a component, false otherwise. A 
false return value leaves the current position at -1. Invoking next on a DynAny 
without components leaves the current position at -1 and returns false. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.rewind()*

public void rewind()

Is equivalent to seek(0). 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.seek(int)*

public boolean seek(int index)

Sets the current position to index. The current position is indexed 0 to n-1, 
that is, index zero corresponds to the first component. The operation returns 
true if the resulting current position indicates a component of the DynAny and 
false if index indicates a position that does not correspond to a component. 
Calling seek with a negative index is legal. It sets the current position to -1 
to indicate no component and returns false. Passing a non-negative index value 
for a DynAny that does not have a component at the corresponding position sets 
the current position to -1 and returns false. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.set_members_as_dyn_any(NameDynAnyPair[])*

public void set_members_as_dyn_any(org.omg.DynamicAny.NameDynAnyPair[] value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Initializes the value type's members from a sequence of NameDynAnyPairs. The 
operation sets the current position to zero if the passed sequences has 
non-zero length. Otherwise, if an empty sequence is passed, the current 
position is set to -1. A null value type can be initialized to a non-null value 
type using this method. Members must appear in the NameDynAnyPairs in the order 
in which they appear in the IDL specification of the value type as indicated by 
the DynValue's TypeCode or they must be empty strings. The operation makes no 
attempt to assign member values based on member names. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.set_members(NameValuePair[])*

public void set_members(org.omg.DynamicAny.NameValuePair[] value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Initializes the value type's members from a sequence of NameValuePairs. The 
operation sets the current position to zero if the passed sequences has 
non-zero length. Otherwise, if an empty sequence is passed, the current 
position is set to -1. A null value type can be initialized to a non-null value 
type using this method. Members must appear in the NameValuePairs in the order 
in which they appear in the IDL specification of the value type as indicated by 
the DynValue's TypeCode or they must be empty strings. The operation makes no 
attempt to assign member values based on member names. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.set_to_null()*

public void set_to_null()

Changes the representation of a DynValueCommon to a null value type. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.set_to_value()*

public void set_to_value()

Replaces a null value type with a newly constructed value. Its components are 
initialized to default values as in 
DynAnyFactory.create_dyn_any_from_type_code. If the DynValueCommon represents a 
non-null value type, then this operation has no effect. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.to_any()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.Any| to_any()

Creates an any value from a DynAny object. A copy of the TypeCode associated 
with the DynAny object is assigned to the resulting any. The value associated 
with the DynAny object is copied into the any. 



    Returns: a new Any object with the same value and TypeCode 

*org.omg.DynamicAny._DynValueStub.type()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.TypeCode| type()

Returns the TypeCode associated with this DynAny object. A DynAny object is 
created with a TypeCode value assigned to it. This TypeCode value determines 
the type of the value handled through the DynAny object. Note that the TypeCode 
associated with a DynAny object is initialized at the time the DynAny is 
created and cannot be changed during lifetime of the DynAny object. 



    Returns: The TypeCode associated with this DynAny object 


