*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind* *DefinitionKind* The class that provides the cons

public class DefinitionKind
  extends    |java.lang.Object|
  implements |org.omg.CORBA.portable.IDLEntity|

|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_Description|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_Fields|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_Constructors|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_Fields*
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_AbstractInterface|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Alias|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_all|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Array|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Attribute|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Constant|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Enum|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Exception|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Fixed|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Interface|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Module|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Native|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_none|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Operation|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Primitive|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Repository|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Sequence|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_String|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Struct|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Typedef|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Union|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Value|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_ValueBox|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_ValueMember|
|int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Wstring|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_AbstractInterface|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Alias|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_all|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Array|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Attribute|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Constant|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Enum|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Exception|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Fixed|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Interface|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Module|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Native|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_none|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Operation|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Primitive|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Repository|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Sequence|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_String|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Struct|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Typedef|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Union|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Value|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_ValueBox|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_ValueMember|
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Wstring|

*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_Constructors*
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind(int)|Constructs a DefinitionKind object with its 

*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_Methods*
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.from_int(int)|Creates a DefinitionKind instance c
|org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.value()|Returns the int constant identifying the 

*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_Description*

The class that provides the constants used to identify the type of an Interface 
Repository object. This class contains two kinds of constants, those that are 
an int and those that are an instance of the class DefinitionKind. This class 
provides the method from_int, which given one of the int constants, creates the 
corresponding DefinitionKind instance. It also provides the method value, which 
returns the int constant that is the value for a DefinitionKind instance. 



*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_AbstractInterface*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Alias*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_all*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Array*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Attribute*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Constant*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Enum*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Exception*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Fixed*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Interface*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Module*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Native*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_none*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Operation*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Primitive*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Repository*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Sequence*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_String*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Struct*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Typedef*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Union*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Value*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_ValueBox*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_ValueMember*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*int_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind._dk_Wstring*

The constant that indicates that an Interface Repository object does not have a 
definition kind. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_AbstractInterface*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object represents an abstract interface. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Alias*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is an Alias. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_all*

The wildcard DefinitionKind constant, useful in all occasions where any 
DefinitionKind is appropriate. The Container's contents method makes use of 
this constant to return all contained definitions of any kind. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Array*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is an Array. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Attribute*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is an Attribute. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Constant*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is a constant. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Enum*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is an Enum. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Exception*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is an Exception. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Fixed*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is a Fixed value. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Interface*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is an Interface. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Module*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is a Module. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Native*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is a Native value. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_none*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object has no definition kind. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Operation*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is an Operation. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Primitive*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is a Primitive. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Repository*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is a Repository. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Sequence*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is a Sequence. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_String*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is a String. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Struct*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is a Struct. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Typedef*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is a Typedef. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Union*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is a Union. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Value*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is a Value. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_ValueBox*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is a ValueBox. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_ValueMember*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is a ValueMember. 


*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind_org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.dk_Wstring*

The static instance of DefinitionKind indicating that an Interface Repository 
object is a Wstring. 



*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind(int)*

protected DefinitionKind(int _value)

Constructs a DefinitionKind object with its _value field initialized with the 
given value. 

    _value - one of the int constants defined in the class DefinitionKind 

*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.from_int(int)*

public static |org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind| from_int(int i)

Creates a DefinitionKind instance corresponding to the given code . 


    i - one of the int constants from the class DefinitionKind 

    Returns: the DefinitionKind instance corresponding to the given code 

*org.omg.CORBA.DefinitionKind.value()*

public int value()

Returns the int constant identifying the type of an IR object. 



    Returns: the int constant from the class DefinitionKind that is the value of this 
             DefinitionKind instance 


