*org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo* *TypeInfo* The TypeInfo interface represents a type refer

public interface interface TypeInfo


|org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo_Description|
|org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo_Fields|
|org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo_Constructors|
|org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo_Fields*
|int_org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo.DERIVATION_EXTENSION|
|int_org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo.DERIVATION_LIST|
|int_org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo.DERIVATION_RESTRICTION|
|int_org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo.DERIVATION_UNION|

*org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo_Methods*
|org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo.getTypeName()|The name of a type declared for the associa
|org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo.getTypeNamespace()|The namespace of the type declared for
|org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo.isDerivedFrom(String,String,int)|This method returns if t

*org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo_Description*

The TypeInfo interface represents a type referenced from Element or Attr nodes, 
specified in the schemas associated with the document. The type is a pair of a 
namespace URI and name properties, and depends on the document's schema. If the 
document's schema is an XML DTD [XML 1.0], the values are computed as follows: 

If this type is referenced from an Attr node, typeNamespace is 
"http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-xml" and typeName represents the [attribute type] 
property in the [XML Information Set] . If there is no declaration for the 
attribute, typeNamespace and typeName are null. 

If this type is referenced from an Element node, typeNamespace and typeName are 
null. 

If the document's schema is an XML Schema [XML Schema Part 1] , the values are 
computed as follows using the post-schema-validation infoset contributions 
(also called PSVI contributions): 

If the [validity] property exists AND is "invalid" or "notKnown": the {target 
namespace} and {name} properties of the declared type if available, otherwise 
null. Note: At the time of writing, the XML Schema specification does not 
require exposing the declared type. Thus, DOM implementations might choose not 
to provide type information if validity is not valid. 

If the [validity] property exists and is "valid": 

If [member type definition] exists: 

If {name} is not absent, then expose {name} and {target namespace} properties 
of the [member type definition] property; 

Otherwise, expose the namespace and local name of the corresponding anonymous 
type name. 



If the [type definition] property exists: 

If {name} is not absent, then expose {name} and {target namespace} properties 
of the [type definition] property; 

Otherwise, expose the namespace and local name of the corresponding anonymous 
type name. 



If the [member type definition anonymous] exists: 

If it is false, then expose [member type definition name] and [member type 
definition namespace] properties; 

Otherwise, expose the namespace and local name of the corresponding anonymous 
type name. 



If the [type definition anonymous] exists: 

If it is false, then expose [type definition name] and [type definition 
namespace] properties; 

Otherwise, expose the namespace and local name of the corresponding anonymous 
type name. 





Note: Other schema languages are outside the scope of the W3C and therefore 
should define how to represent their type systems using TypeInfo. See also the 
Document Object Model (DOM) Level 3 Core Specification. 



*int_org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo.DERIVATION_EXTENSION*

If the document's schema is an XML Schema [XML Schema Part 1] , this constant 
represents the derivation by extension. The reference type definition is 
derived by extension from the other type definition if the other type 
definition can be reached recursively following the {base type definition} 
property from the reference type definition, and at least one of the derivation 
methods involved is an extension. 


*int_org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo.DERIVATION_LIST*

If the document's schema is an XML Schema [XML Schema Part 1] , this constant 
represents the list. The reference type definition is derived by list from the 
other type definition if there exists two type definitions T1 and T2 such as 
the reference type definition is derived from T1 by DERIVATION_RESTRICTION or 
DERIVATION_EXTENSION, T2 is derived from the other type definition by 
DERIVATION_RESTRICTION, T1 has {variety} list, and T2 is the {item type 
definition}. Note that T1 could be the same as the reference type definition, 
and T2 could be the same as the other type definition. 


*int_org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo.DERIVATION_RESTRICTION*

If the document's schema is an XML Schema [XML Schema Part 1] , this constant 
represents the derivation by restriction if complex types are involved, or a 
restriction if simple types are involved. The reference type definition is 
derived by restriction from the other type definition if the other type 
definition is the same as the reference type definition, or if the other type 
definition can be reached recursively following the {base type definition} 
property from the reference type definition, and all the derivation methods 
involved are restriction. 


*int_org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo.DERIVATION_UNION*

If the document's schema is an XML Schema [XML Schema Part 1] , this constant 
represents the union if simple types are involved. The reference type 
definition is derived by union from the other type definition if there exists 
two type definitions T1 and T2 such as the reference type definition is derived 
from T1 by DERIVATION_RESTRICTION or DERIVATION_EXTENSION, T2 is derived from 
the other type definition by DERIVATION_RESTRICTION, T1 has {variety} union, 
and one of the {member type definitions} is T2. Note that T1 could be the same 
as the reference type definition, and T2 could be the same as the other type 
definition. 



*org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo.getTypeName()*

public |java.lang.String| getTypeName()

The name of a type declared for the associated element or attribute, or null if 
unknown. 



*org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo.getTypeNamespace()*

public |java.lang.String| getTypeNamespace()

The namespace of the type declared for the associated element or attribute or 
null if the element does not have declaration or if no namespace information is 
available. 



*org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo.isDerivedFrom(String,String,int)*

public boolean isDerivedFrom(
  java.lang.String typeNamespaceArg,
  java.lang.String typeNameArg,
  int derivationMethod)

This method returns if there is a derivation between the reference type 
definition, i.e. the TypeInfo on which the method is being called, and the 
other type definition, i.e. the one passed as parameters. 


    typeNamespaceArg - the namespace of the other type definition. 
    typeNameArg - the name of the other type definition. 
    derivationMethod - the type of derivation and conditions applied between two types, as described 
       in the list of constants provided in this interface. 

    Returns: If the document's schema is a DTD or no schema is associated with the document, 
             this method will always return false . If the document's schema is 
             an XML Schema, the method will return true if the reference type 
             definition is derived from the other type definition according to 
             the derivation parameter. If the value of the parameter is 0 (no 
             bit is set to 1 for the derivationMethod parameter), the method 
             will return true if the other type definition can be reached by 
             recursing any combination of {base type definition}, {item type 
             definition}, or {member type definitions} from the reference type 
             definition. 


