*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynStructOperations* *DynStructOperations* DynStruct objects

public interface interface DynStructOperations

  implements |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations|

|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynStructOperations_Description|
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynStructOperations_Fields|
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynStructOperations_Constructors|
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynStructOperations_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynStructOperations_Methods*
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynStructOperations.current_member_kind()|Returns the TCKin
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynStructOperations.current_member_name()|Returns the name 
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynStructOperations.get_members_as_dyn_any()|Returns a sequ
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynStructOperations.get_members()|Returns a sequence of Nam
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynStructOperations.set_members_as_dyn_any(NameDynAnyPair[])|
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynStructOperations.set_members(NameValuePair[])|Initialize

*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynStructOperations_Description*

DynStruct objects support the manipulation of IDL struct and exception values. 
Members of the exceptions are handled in the same way as members of a struct. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynStructOperations.current_member_kind()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.TCKind| current_member_kind()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Returns the TCKind associated with the member at the current position. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynStructOperations.current_member_name()*

public |java.lang.String| current_member_name()
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Returns the name of the member at the current position. This operation may 
return an empty string since the TypeCode of the value being manipulated may 
not contain the names of members. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynStructOperations.get_members_as_dyn_any()*

public |org.omg.DynamicAny.NameDynAnyPair|[] get_members_as_dyn_any()

Returns a sequence of NameDynAnyPairs describing the name and the value of each 
member in the struct associated with a DynStruct object. The sequence contains 
members in the same order as the declaration order of members as indicated by 
the DynStruct's TypeCode. The current position is not affected. The member 
names in the returned sequence will be empty strings if the DynStruct's 
TypeCode does not contain member names. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynStructOperations.get_members()*

public |org.omg.DynamicAny.NameValuePair|[] get_members()

Returns a sequence of NameValuePairs describing the name and the value of each 
member in the struct associated with a DynStruct object. The sequence contains 
members in the same order as the declaration order of members as indicated by 
the DynStruct's TypeCode. The current position is not affected. The member 
names in the returned sequence will be empty strings if the DynStruct's 
TypeCode does not contain member names. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynStructOperations.set_members_as_dyn_any(NameDynAnyPair[])*

public void set_members_as_dyn_any(org.omg.DynamicAny.NameDynAnyPair[] value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Initializes the struct data value associated with a DynStruct object from a 
sequence of NameDynAnyPairs. The operation sets the current position to zero if 
the passed sequences has non-zero length. Otherwise, if an empty sequence is 
passed, the current position is set to -1. Members must appear in the 
NameDynAnyPairs in the order in which they appear in the IDL specification of 
the struct as indicated by the DynStruct's TypeCode or they must be empty 
strings. The operation makes no attempt to assign member values based on member 
names. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynStructOperations.set_members(NameValuePair[])*

public void set_members(org.omg.DynamicAny.NameValuePair[] value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Initializes the struct data value associated with a DynStruct object from a 
sequence of NameValuePairs. The operation sets the current position to zero if 
the passed sequences has non-zero length. Otherwise, if an empty sequence is 
passed, the current position is set to -1. Members must appear in the 
NameValuePairs in the order in which they appear in the IDL specification of 
the struct as indicated by the DynStruct's TypeCode or they must be empty 
strings. The operation makes no attempt to assign member values based on member 
names. 




