*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynSequenceOperations* *DynSequenceOperations* DynSequence o

public interface interface DynSequenceOperations

  implements |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyOperations|

|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynSequenceOperations_Description|
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynSequenceOperations_Fields|
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynSequenceOperations_Constructors|
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynSequenceOperations_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynSequenceOperations_Methods*
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynSequenceOperations.get_elements_as_dyn_any()|Returns the
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynSequenceOperations.get_elements()|Returns the elements o
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynSequenceOperations.get_length()|Returns the current leng
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynSequenceOperations.set_elements_as_dyn_any(DynAny[])|Set
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynSequenceOperations.set_elements(Any[])|Sets the elements
|org.omg.DynamicAny.DynSequenceOperations.set_length(int)|Sets the length of th

*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynSequenceOperations_Description*

DynSequence objects support the manipulation of IDL sequences. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynSequenceOperations.get_elements_as_dyn_any()*

public |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAny|[] get_elements_as_dyn_any()

Returns the DynAnys representing the elements of the sequence. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynSequenceOperations.get_elements()*

public |org.omg.CORBA.Any|[] get_elements()

Returns the elements of the sequence. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynSequenceOperations.get_length()*

public int get_length()

Returns the current length of the sequence. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynSequenceOperations.set_elements_as_dyn_any(DynAny[])*

public void set_elements_as_dyn_any(org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAny[] value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Sets the elements of a sequence using DynAnys. The length of the DynSequence is 
set to the length of value. The current position is set to zero if value has 
non-zero length and to -1 if value is a zero-length sequence. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynSequenceOperations.set_elements(Any[])*

public void set_elements(org.omg.CORBA.Any[] value)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.TypeMismatch|
         
Sets the elements of a sequence. The length of the DynSequence is set to the 
length of value. The current position is set to zero if value has non-zero 
length and to -1 if value is a zero-length sequence. 



*org.omg.DynamicAny.DynSequenceOperations.set_length(int)*

public void set_length(int len)
  throws |org.omg.DynamicAny.DynAnyPackage.InvalidValue|
         
Sets the length of the sequence. Increasing the length of a sequence adds new 
elements at the tail without affecting the values of already existing elements. 
Newly added elements are default-initialized. Increasing the length of a 
sequence sets the current position to the first newly-added element if the 
previous current position was -1. Otherwise, if the previous current position 
was not -1, the current position is not affected. Decreasing the length of a 
sequence removes elements from the tail without affecting the value of those 
elements that remain. The new current position after decreasing the length of a 
sequence is determined as follows: 

If the length of the sequence is set to zero, the current position is set to 
-1. If the current position is -1 before decreasing the length, it remains at 
-1. If the current position indicates a valid element and that element is not 
removed when the length is decreased, the current position remains unaffected. 
If the current position indicates a valid element and that element is removed, 
the current position is set to -1. 




