*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathEvaluator* *XPathEvaluator* The evaluation of XPath expr

public interface interface XPathEvaluator


|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathEvaluator_Description|
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathEvaluator_Fields|
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathEvaluator_Constructors|
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathEvaluator_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathEvaluator_Methods*
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathEvaluator.createExpression(String,XPathNSResolver)|Crea
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathEvaluator.createNSResolver(Node)|Adapts any DOM node to
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathEvaluator.evaluate(String,Node,XPathNSResolver,short,Object)|

*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathEvaluator_Description*

The evaluation of XPath expressions is provided by XPathEvaluator. In a DOM 
implementation which supports the XPath 3.0 feature, as described above, the 
XPathEvaluator interface will be implemented on the same object which 
implements the Document interface permitting it to be obtained by the usual 
binding-specific method such as casting or by using the DOM Level 3 
getInterface method. In this case the implementation obtained from the Document 
supports the XPath DOM module and is compatible with the XPath 1.0 
specification. Evaluation of expressions with specialized extension functions 
or variables may not work in all implementations and is, therefore, not 
portable. XPathEvaluator implementations may be available from other sources 
that could provide specific support for specialized extension functions or 
variables as would be defined by other specifications. See also the Document 
Object Model (DOM) Level 3 XPath Specification. 



*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathEvaluator.createExpression(String,XPathNSResolver)*

public |org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathExpression| createExpression(
  java.lang.String expression,
  org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathNSResolver resolver)
  throws |org.w3c.dom.DOMException|
         |org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathException|
         
Creates a parsed XPath expression with resolved namespaces. This is useful when 
an expression will be reused in an application since it makes it possible to 
compile the expression string into a more efficient internal form and 
preresolve all namespace prefixes which occur within the expression. 


    expression - The XPath expression string to be parsed. 
    resolver - The resolver permits translation of prefixes within the XPath expression into 
       appropriate namespace URIs . If this is specified as null, any namespace 
       prefix within the expression will result in DOMException being thrown 
       with the code NAMESPACE_ERR. 

    Returns: The compiled form of the XPath expression. 

*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathEvaluator.createNSResolver(Node)*

public |org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathNSResolver| createNSResolver(org.w3c.dom.Node nodeResolver)

Adapts any DOM node to resolve namespaces so that an XPath expression can be 
easily evaluated relative to the context of the node where it appeared within 
the document. This adapter works like the DOM Level 3 method lookupNamespaceURI 
on nodes in resolving the namespaceURI from a given prefix using the current 
information available in the node's hierarchy at the time lookupNamespaceURI is 
called. also correctly resolving the implicit xml prefix. 


    nodeResolver - The node to be used as a context for namespace resolution. 

    Returns: XPathNSResolver which resolves namespaces with respect to the definitions in 
             scope for a specified node. 

*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathEvaluator.evaluate(String,Node,XPathNSResolver,short,Object)*

public |java.lang.Object| evaluate(
  java.lang.String expression,
  org.w3c.dom.Node contextNode,
  org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathNSResolver resolver,
  short type,
  java.lang.Object result)
  throws |org.w3c.dom.DOMException|
         |org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathException|
         
Evaluates an XPath expression string and returns a result of the specified type 
if possible. 


    expression - The XPath expression string to be parsed and evaluated. 
    contextNode - The context is context node for the evaluation of this XPath expression. If the 
       XPathEvaluator was obtained by casting the Document then this must be 
       owned by the same document and must be a Document, Element, Attribute, 
       Text, CDATASection, Comment, ProcessingInstruction, or XPathNamespace 
       node. If the context node is a Text or a CDATASection, then the context 
       is interpreted as the whole logical text node as seen by XPath, unless 
       the node is empty in which case it may not serve as the XPath context. 
    resolver - The resolver permits translation of prefixes within the XPath expression into 
       appropriate namespace URIs . If this is specified as null, any namespace 
       prefix within the expression will result in DOMException being thrown 
       with the code NAMESPACE_ERR. 
    type - If a specific type is specified, then the result will be returned as the 
       corresponding type.For XPath 1.0 results, this must be one of the codes 
       of the XPathResult interface. 
    result - The result specifies a specific result object which may be reused and returned 
       by this method. If this is specified as nullor the implementation does 
       not reuse the specified result, a new result object will be constructed 
       and returned.For XPath 1.0 results, this object will be of type 
       XPathResult. 

    Returns: The result of the evaluation of the XPath expression.For XPath 1.0 results, 
             this object will be of type XPathResult. 


