*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathNamespace* *XPathNamespace* The XPathNamespace interface

public interface interface XPathNamespace

  implements |org.w3c.dom.Node|

|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathNamespace_Description|
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathNamespace_Fields|
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathNamespace_Constructors|
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathNamespace_Methods|

================================================================================

*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathNamespace_Fields*
|short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathNamespace.XPATH_NAMESPACE_NODE|

*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathNamespace_Methods*
|org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathNamespace.getOwnerElement()|The Element on which the na

*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathNamespace_Description*

The XPathNamespace interface is returned by XPathResult interfaces to represent 
the XPath namespace node type that DOM lacks. There is no public constructor 
for this node type. Attempts to place it into a hierarchy or a NamedNodeMap 
result in a DOMException with the code HIERARCHY_REQUEST_ERR . This node is 
read only, so methods or setting of attributes that would mutate the node 
result in a DOMException with the code NO_MODIFICATION_ALLOWED_ERR. The core 
specification describes attributes of the Node interface that are different for 
different node node types but does not describe XPATH_NAMESPACE_NODE, so here 
is a description of those attributes for this node type. All attributes of Node 
not described in this section have a null or false value. ownerDocument matches 
the ownerDocument of the ownerElement even if the element is later adopted. 
prefix is the prefix of the namespace represented by the node. nodeName is the 
same as prefix. nodeType is equal to XPATH_NAMESPACE_NODE. namespaceURI is the 
namespace URI of the namespace represented by the node. adoptNode, cloneNode, 
and importNode fail on this node type by raising a DOMException with the code 
NOT_SUPPORTED_ERR.In future versions of the XPath specification, the definition 
of a namespace node may be changed incomatibly, in which case incompatible 
changes to field values may be required to implement versions beyond XPath 1.0. 
See also the Document Object Model (DOM) Level 3 XPath Specification. 



*short_org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathNamespace.XPATH_NAMESPACE_NODE*

The node is a Namespace. 



*org.w3c.dom.xpath.XPathNamespace.getOwnerElement()*

public |org.w3c.dom.Element| getOwnerElement()

The Element on which the namespace was in scope when it was requested. This 
does not change on a returned namespace node even if the document changes such 
that the namespace goes out of scope on that element and this node is no longer 
found there by XPath. 




